       __ __ __ __  ___  __  __   __ ___ __  __  _ __  __  __  __ ____
       ||_|| ||_|/ || \\ ||  ||   || -/  ||  || // _|/ || //   ||  ||
          || ||    ||__| ||__||   ||-/   ||  || ||   _ ||<<    ||  ||
          || ||    ||  | ||  ||   ||     ||__// \\__|/ || \|   ||  ||

           "THE GROUP IN LOVE WITH THE WORLD AND VENICE SUMMERTIME"

       P R E S E N T S  *** * *   ***     *** *** ***  P R E S E N T S
                        *** * *   *** *** * * * * **   by : SciencePad 123
       "YEAH KILL IT!"  *   * *** ***     *** *** ***  and  Crome Junkie

justlikeyourparentsjustlikeyourparentsjustlikeyourparentsjustlikeyourparentsjust

      John was walking down the street. He bumped into a big ol' homeless man.
The man said "can I have some government cheese?", as drool dropped from his
lips. John stared as the loooooong string of slobber inched its way to the
concrete below. Making as if to pull some government cheese from his coat
pocket, John cocked the hammer of his .22 automatic. His .22 automatic was on
his person. His hand was in his pocket, his finger on the trigger. His posse
was getting big, yeah, his posse was getting bigger. He whipped the gun out,
and kill the man. Lots of blood, yeah.

                                YEAH KILL IT!

      Once upon a hellacious time, there was a greasy hairball named Caluso.
Caluso was not a happy greasy hairball, he'd leave sticky traces whereever he
went.  Being deep down in his murky plasma state, he decided to dust off a
gelatinous cube named Herbie.  Caluso proceeded to stalk the cube down using
his eLiTo MaD DiCk TrAceeee Skeelz.  He hunted and hunted and stalked and
slurped, and finally found the pad of the infamous Herbie the Wonder Cube.  He
slipped his way up the stairs and tumbled into Herbie's poor defenseless
apartment... he slimed through the door and BLAM!@# Herbie was waiting for
Caluso with his Really-Big Gun, and stuff... Uh, Yeah.

                                YEAH KILL IT!

      Once upon a time, there were these guys. They started attacking each
other one day. Joey sez : "You will die now!" and attacks Petey with his big
old lead pipe. Petey sez : "YuuuGh!@", and brutally pummels Joey while dodging
his big old lead pipe. Paulie gets a big old gun and shoots them both in their
heads. Lots of blood and guts everywhere. Yeah.

                                YEAH KILL IT!

<=============================================================================>
|| |_| ;-- o [| YFI - THE TEXT GROUP THAT GIVES SLIGHTLY LESS THAN A FUCK IS ||
||   | |-- | [| PROUD TO ANNOUNCE THAT WE HAVE *NO* SUPPORT DIGITS BECAUSE   ||
|| __| |   | [| THEY HAVE NO DIGIT AT ALL BESIDES "SuPahEl8te : yF1 WHq!#"   ||
|| ... ... . [| PLUS, WE SPEAK MARGINAL ENGLISH AND RIP OFF WARES GROUPS.    ||
|| digitdigit[| AND WE HAVE AN ODD PENCHANT FOR UGLY ASCII FOOTERS. -yFi '63 ||
<=============================================================================>
                IF YOU LIKED THIS SOFTWARES PLEASE BUY ORIGINAL
<=============================================================================>

"I'm Killing you now!"
"Earth a little darker, baby#"
"This is not hypertext^"

"YEAH KILL IT! (c) Copyright bullshit in 1207 by Sciencepad 123 and CROME
                                                                     JUNKIE
-EoF
