       _       _  _      ____.        _  _      ____.     ____
      FJ_     FJ  L]    F___ J       F L L]    F ___J    F __ ]
     J  _|   J |__| L   '-__| L     J   \| L  J |___:   J |--| L    ______
     | |-'   |  __  |    |__  (     | |\   |  | _____|  | |  | |   |______| 
     F |__-. F L__J J .-____] J     F L\\  J  F L____:  F L__J J   L______J 
     \_____/J__L  J__LJ\______/F   J__L \\__LJ________LJ\______/F
     J_____F|__L  J__| J______F    |__L  J__||________| J______F 
 
   ___      ____      __  __    __    _  _   ____   ____.             _  _
 ,"___".   F _  ]    F  \/  ]  / J   F L L] F___ ] F___ J    _ ___   F L L]
 FJ---L]  J |/ | L  J |\__/| L LFJ  J   \| L'--7 / '-__| L  J '__ ",J   \| L
J |   LJ  | | /| |  | |'--'| | J  L | |\   |  / //  |__  (  | |__|-J| |\   |
| \___--. F  /_J J  F L    J J J  L F L\\  J J  L.-____] J  F L  '-'F L\\  J
J\_____/FJ\______/FJ__L    J__LJ__LJ__L \\__LJ__LJ\______/FJ__L    J__L \\__L
 J_____F  J______F |__L    J__||__||__L  J__||__| J______F |__L    |__L  J__|

 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=--=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
 
    t h e  n e o - c o m i n t e r n   e l e c t r o n i c  m a g z i n e
                 I n s t a l l m e n t    N u m b e r  1 5 6

                         We Are the New International
                         June 3rd, 2001
                         Editor: BMC

                                             Writers:
                                               Heckat
                                                  BMC


  d""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""b.
 ;P                      Featured in this installment                      .b
 $                                                                          $
 $                Tell Me About How it is with Fish - Heckat                $
 $                    My Last Existentialist Story - BMC
 `q                                                                        p'
   `nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn'

                                EDITOR'S NOTE
                      (please do not read the following)

        OK, well is everyone in a good mood today?  Is everybody here to read
funny stories and have fun?  Excited, happy, giddy, tipsy with antici-

        Well forget it, you fuckin asshole.  If there's one thing this issue
is all about, it's NOT that.  So get off your high horse, get your head out
of the clouds, get back to Earth you space cadet; there's more to life than
fun.  Now shut the fuck up and start reading before I beat the shit outta ya.

Sincerely,
The closest thing You have to a Friend


  d""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""b. 
 ;P                    TELL ME ABOUT HOW IT IS WITH FISH                   .b
 `q                                by Heckat                               p'
   `nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn'

Kids sometimes pretend that life is one big miracle.  Like ice cream in the
summer, it doesn't really melt away before you can fully enjoy it.  But when
a person grows up, learns to live by the "watch," it becomes all too clear
that the destination will be the same for everyone, no matter what path you
take to get there.

This has been said so many times it's just a shame to think about it now.
Hindus have even dogmatized it - but they think of it in optimistic terms.
You know, we all reach the peak of the mountain no matter what surface we
choose to climb.  But that doesn't reach me tonight.  Tonight I'm all about
pessimism, and the unoriginality of the thoughts crowding my brain is enough
to make me curse the existence of language, which helps me to form these
horrid testaments to my own institutionalized, standardized, formalized
patterns of thought.  Hell, I'm no genius, and the ones I've met don't seem
particularly happy either.

What's the time?

It's time for another glass of wine, first of all.  The red should help me
to put some of this into perspective.  Take the edge off, isn't that what
they say?  On the other hand, I've already had enough wine to make my typing
horribly inaccurate and slow and I'm having to go back every second word or
so to correct a mistake.  So maybe the wine isn't a good idea. Just one more
way to forget the reality of the present.  The lonliness of my alone.  A red
stain on unconsciousness; the red sleepy sleep.

Oh, so second then, I suppose it's time for bed.  Having just traipsed home
from a party at a quarter after midnight I don't suppose there's any action
left to be had.  Yes, it's early, and yes, there's nothing left to say but
goodnight to my cat and a kiss on the tank for my fish.  The fish will
really appreciate it I'm sure.  They love me to death.

Ramble, scramble, jamble, skiddattle, get lost.

I am the fish and my fins are the colours of the sun.  Bright yellow and
orange. In the night, I run from an invisible enemy who seems intent to bite
off every piece of my decoration - BUT IT'S PRACTICAL, I NEED IT TO SWIM, TO
STAY ALIVE.  She doesn't care.  She chases me until its all gone.  Every
piece of my fins.  Every piece of me.  And I jump out of the tank and
suffocate in a heap on the floor.  My last glimpse at life is the picture of
a suffering idiot who comes to scrape me off the carpet and into the toilet.


  d""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""b. 
 ;P                      MY LAST EXISTENTIALIST STORY                      .b
 `q                                 by BMC                                 p'
   `nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn'

Where Am I?

WHERE AM IIIIIII

WWHHEERREE??!!??!!??

No, seriously... where am I?

Oh shit.  Yeah, I'm in a story again.  FUCK!

Does this happen to me every single story or what?

Ok, I've done this before, do I sit here and say "what?  I'm inside a
story?"  and everybody says "oh that is so weird" and I say JEAH?

Hmm, how about I say that everybody is NOT in this story and neither am I?
That would be some backwards, hocus-pocus, weird-ass tricks!  Oh yeah, now
I'm talking!

Or I can energize energize ENERGIZE yeah!  great!  THIS STORY HAZ ENERGY,
DOODE!  Yes, that is Charles Dude the second to you, my friend.

Now check this shit out!  I'm just your pal BMC and I'm just being a
jackass!  Hello B M Jackass!


 .d&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&b.
    ___________________________________________________         
   |THE COMINTERN IS AVAILIABLE ON THE FOLLOWING BBS'S |
   |~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~|
   | TWILIGHT ZONE                      (905) 432-7667 |
   | BRING ON THE NIGHT                 (306) 373-4218 |
   | CLUB PARADISE                      (306) 978-2542 |
   | THE GATEWAY THROUGH TIME           (306) 373-9778 |
   |___________________________________________________|
   |   Website at: http://members.home.com/comintern   |
   |           Email BMC at: thebmc@home.com           |
   |___________________________________________________|

 .d&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&b.
 Copyright 2001 by The Neo-Comintern                           #156-06/03/01

All content is property of The Neo-Comintern.
You may redistribute this document, although no fee can be charged and the
content must not be altered or modified in any way.  Unauthorized use of any
part of this document is prohibited.  All rights reserved.  Made in Canada.

