                  qn,
       d&&&&&&&&P ;P                       d&b     d&&P
      ;P   d'  d' d'                        d&;     d'
          ;P     ;&,e&q,  .c&&q,           ;P`&;   ;P .c&&q,  ,c&&q,
          d'     dP~  `b ;P'  `&           d' `&;  d';P'  `& ;P'  `d
         ;P     ;P    ;P dB&&&&P          ;P   `&;;P dB&&&&P d     P d&&P
         d'     d'    d' &,   ,           d'    `&d' &,   ,  &, .,d'
       d&&P    &&&   &&& `&&&P'         d&&P     `P  `&&&P'  `&&&P
                                                  ,
    ,e&&&q,a                       ,nP'          d'
   ;P'   `d'                       "'          d&&&P
   d'     " ,c&&q,  q&,e&q,e&q,   q&P q&,e&q,  ;P'  ,c&&q,  q&,e&q q&,e&q,
  ;P       ;P'  `d  dP~ `B~  `b   dP  dP~  `b  d'  ;P'  `&  dP~ `P dP   `b
  d'     , d     P ;P   ;P   ;P  ;P  ;P    ;P ;P   dB&&&&P ;P     ;P    ;P
  &,  .,d' &, .,d' d'   d'   d'  d'  d'    d' d' , &,   ,  d'     d'    d'
  `Y&&&P'  `&&&P' &&b  ;P   d&P &&b &&b   d&P `&P' `&&&P' &&b    &&b   d&P

 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo

    t h e  n e o - c o m i n t e r n   e l e c t r o n i c  m a g z i n e
                   I n s t a l l m e n t  N u m b e r  5 8

                        .WE ARE THE 5th INTERNATIONAL
                         .April 7th, 1999
                          .Editor: BMC
                           .Writers:
                            .Cog       
                             .BMC


 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
                                                                        ";P'
                        Featured in this installment:                    `$
                                                                          $
                               Art Review- Cog                           ;P
                           Grandpa vs Grandpa- BMC                       d'
                                                                        ;P
                                                                        d'.
 .,;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;,"*,;

                               EDITOR'S NOTE

        Satire n. 1. a novel, play, etc., in which topical issues, folly,
or evil are held up to scorn by means of ridicule. 2. the genre constituted
by such work. 3. the use of ridicule, irony, etc., to create such an effect

        Most of the writings that have been featured in The Comintern have
either been partially or completely based in satire.  For this reason, it
was a debate whether or not to publish Cog's "Art Review."  The article is
completely straight and semi-autobiographical, but since it's as well posed
as it is hard-hitting, the time has finally come for the brutal truth to be
exposed.  You might want to grab a tissue before you read further, because
this one is a true tear-jerker.


 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
                                                                        ";P'
                                   ART REVIEW                            d'
                                     by Cog                             ;P
                                                                        d'.
 .,;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;,"*,;

        It has been brought to my attention that there has been a new
development in the world as of late.  Granted, it may not actually be a
recent invention, but it is new to me -- and it's the best thing that has
happened to me since mater and frater brought me into this world:

                                  wiccaporn

        Finally there's a form of porn that speaks to the *NOW GENERATION*!
Something that the kids can, at long last, enjoy.  This "wiccaporn" far
surpasses my current porn collection (which consists mainly of 1100+ pictures
of a woman named Tracy shoving large objects into the folds of her vagina) by
a hundred-fold.

        If you've ever wanted to see women who think they are "vampyres", are
pale nearly to the point of being transparent, are wearing heavy eye make-up,
and are doing nothing remotely explicit (or, sometimes, nothing even remotely
sexual), then take this article as a word of advice.

        We all know the people who make this stuff.  Come with me to the land
of make-believe if you will, and imagine a group of 6 girls...

        There's Krystyn, who is the semi-attractive one.  Except, that is,
for those scars on her wrists.  Her hair is dyed black over its original
blonde; so much, in fact, that it will fall out if it's dyed again.  The
black lipstick is a little much, and the eye makeup is really over the edge.
She owns a black wedding dress, and she'll fuck you just to show you that
life is meaningless.  She is bisexual.

        Then there's Tarah.  She would be decent-looking, if it weren't for
those brown teeth.  Tarah regularly engages in self-mutilation, as evidenced
by the scars on her breasts -- and she always wears clothing with a low neck
so everyone sees.  She has a pentagram tattooed on the back of her hand, and
a teardrop tatooed on her cheek.  She'll fuck you because she thinks it will
put you under a spell, and she is of course...bisexual.

        Sarah has shaved off her eyebrows!  She also has 7 piercings in her
bottom lip alone.  She usually wears a lacy dress which reaches to the
floor, and a large silver ring that resembles a talon.  She can also be seen
carrying a very old, leather-bound book.  She'll fuck you to gain "power".
And yes, you guessed it -- she's a bisexual.

        Karen tops out at nearly 600 pounds, and her acne must account for
about half of that.  She wears a plaid miniskirt, and tight black leggings.
You'd think someone like this might forego the black bodysuit, but you'd be
wrong.  She wears the standard black army boots, and the woolen socks beneath
are pulled up nearly to her knees.  She'll burst into tears and threaten to
slash her wrists at the drop of a hat (sooner, if she's drunk), and she
smells constantly (and distubingly) like she's soaked with fresh sweat.  She
knows that she's the only one of the group that is a real bisexual (all the
others do it for either attention, or the shock value), and she's a part of
this group simply because it's the closest she's ever felt to being accepted.
She'll fuck anyone because of her need to feel wanted and loved.

        Angel was a preppy, straight A student until her friend commited
suicide.  After that, she fell in with this group of girls.  She's been
kicked out of school, and her mother is making a psychiatrist appointment
for her.  She hardly eats, and she's down to a petite 92 pounds and no self
esteem.  She wanted to be a famous freelance photographer, and she's
achieved her goal... well, as far as a few jerk-hungry guys with net
connections are concerned, anyways.  She used to steal all the money in her
mom's purse (until her mom caught on), and has sold all of her darkroom
equipment to finance her and the girls' habits and fancies.  She hopes she's
bisexual, and she'll fuck you on a dare from her "sisters".

        You might not believe this, but Spyder is this girl's given name (or
so she says).  She has the silhouette of a howling wolf carved into her
shoulder, and she always has a black eye (which she secretly gives herself).
She says that she was raised by her grandmother because her real family beat
and raped her on a regular basis (but they were really killed in a car
accident when she was 7.  She was the only survivor).  She wears a short
skirt and no underwear, and shows this off every chance she gets.  She says
she's bisexual, but it's purely for image.  Spyder is the only member of the
group who has ever seriously attempted suicide... and it's been numerous
times.  She'll fuck you to live up to her "slut character", and to validate
her fabricated story of being sexually abused by her family.

        Now that you have the cast in mind, imagine how this wiccaporn comes
into being:

        They gather in an overgrown field filled with trees and brush.
Krystyn produces a bottle of red wine and a silver goblet.  Tarah starts a
fire, and Karen sits on the old mattress in the shadows.  As the wine
dwindles, we find Krysten on the mattress engaged in an odd-looking
passionate kiss.  Angel pulls out the camera that she carries expressly for
this purpose.  All the girls have had so much wine that they don't notice
that Karen hasn't touched a drop, as usual.  It's not like she needs the
wine to make her do this, though... she looks forward to this the same way
a child looks forward to Christmas.  She unsnaps the crotch of her bodysuit
and starts masturbating while in Krystyn's embrace.  Krysten quickly breaks
away from Karen, and Angel starts snapping pictures.

        They go through a roll of film before Karen reaches orgasm, and as
she does they take turns curling up in the fetal position beside her and
having their picture taken.  Then they get into other positions: Spyder's
lips barely touching Karen's nipples during another earth-shattering orgasm;
Sarah drawing and lapping up blood on Karen's shoulder; Tarah smelling a
black rose while laying over Karen's stomach; Krysten drawing a pentagram
on each one of Karen's breasts with black lipstick...

        Karen is finished, and the film is used.  The wine is gone, and there
are men to fuck in exchange for the film development and photo scanning.  The
girls vanish into the night, and leave Karen behind and unconscious from
exhaustion.  It will happen much the same next week, and Karen will assure
the girls again that she didn't mind being left alone in the field.  And,
just like previous times, the others couldn't care less.


        Well, that's how wiccaporn is made.  Now that you know the story of
what goes on "behind-the-scenes", please support it, and distribute it as
much as you possibly can.  To me, that is.  Thankyou.


 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
                                                                        ";P'
                              GRANDPA vs GRANDPA                         d'
                                    by BMC                              ;P
                                                                        d'.
 .,;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;,"*,;

I saw the young man waiting at the door when I arrived.

        "Grandpa," he said, "why is your car so dirty?"

        "Ahh, it's not dirty, It just has a tan," said I.

        He added, "Or maybe it just needs to shave, grandpa," to which I
retaliated, "Shut the hell up grandpa!"

        We giggled to ourselves, then grandpa said, "Hey hey now! Grandpas
are never wrong."  To which I found myself having no choice but to lunge at
the young old man.

        There it was.  There we were; we went man to man, grandpa to grandpa.
Then it was fist to face, back to back, arm in arm, and finally grandpa
versus grandpa.

        "Grandpas are never wrong," I echoed.  As delightful as this sounded,
how could it possibly be true?  The concept was certainly indicative that
neither of us were going to lose the ensuing battle.  However, we were also
doomed to failure at the hands of another equally powerful and unwrong
grandpa.

        "There was no way this grandpa could win a fair and equal fight," I
thought to myself as I reached into my pants and procured a deadly knife.  I
laughed a soft grandpa laugh as I held the sharp blade to his old neck.

        But what was this?  I had neglected to realize that the youngster
also held the sinister powers granted by the gem of grandfathery.  When I
looked back at the grandpa, he had already pricked my flesh with the tip of
his own dagger.

        As these two deadly and powerful grandpas faced each other in what
became their final battle, they succeded in murdering each other while
failing to preserve their own lives.

        In truth, it was the fate of all grandpas that there can be only one.

                                                   
 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
    ___________________________________________________
   |THE COMINTERN IS AVAILIABLE ON THE FOLLOWING BBS'S |
   |~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~|
   | BRING ON THE NIGHT                 (306) 373-4218 |
   | CLUB PARADISE                      (306) 978-2542 |
   | THE GATEWAY THROUGH TIME           (306) 373-9778 |
   |___________________________________________________|
   |   Website at: http://members.home.com/comintern   |
   |           Email BMC at: thebmc@home.com           |
   |___________________________________________________|

 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
 Copyright 1999 by The Neo-Comintern                            #58-03/07/99

All content is property of The Neo-Comintern.
You may redistribute this document, although no fee can be charged and the
content must not be altered or modified in any way.  Unauthorized use of any
part of this document is prohibited.  All rights reserved.  Made in Canada.
