
       ;P"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" t h e   n e o - c o m i n t e r n
      d'           .
    ,d'     ,    ;P qnnp              .
   DbnnndP.b.  ,d',d'  d     .      ;P qnnp   qnnb
  d'      d'  ;P ,P  ,P'     ;b.  ,d',d'  d  d'  `b """
 ;P   d' ;P"""d' d"""'       d'b ;P ,P  ,P',P    ,d
 `3. d'  d'  ;P ;P   d'     ;P `bd' d"""'  d'   ;P'
   `v   ;P   `q `q  d'      d   ;P ;P   d';P   d'
       d'      `  `v       d'   `O `q  d' `q  d'
       qnnb               '          `v     `v ;P"""""""""""""" "" "  "   "
      d'  `b                   . .d        .  d'                          .
    ,P    ,d   qnnb          ;P  `'      ;P ,d'     qnnp    c&          ;P
    d'        d'  `b ;b.   ,d' ;b.;b.  ,d' DbnnndP,d'  d ;bd' b. ;b.  ,d'
   ;P       ,P    ,d d'b. P;P  d' d'b.;P  d'     ,P  ,P' db.,d'  d'b ;P
   `q    d' d'   ;P';P `b' d' ;P ;P `bd' ;P   d' d"""'  ;P  "q  ;P `bd'
    `q  d' ;P   d'  d'    ;P  d' d   ;P  `3. d' ;P   d' d'   `b d   ;P
      `v   `q  d'   `"                     `v   `q  d'        `b
  .d&&&v&&&b.`v.d&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&bnd&&b.`v .d&&&&&&b.`b `&&&&&&&b.
                                                                `b
    t h e  n e o - c o m i n t e r n   e l e c t r o n i c  m a g z i n e
                  I n s t a l l m e n t    N u m b e r  8 2

         WE ARE THE 5th INTERNATIONAL - LANOITANRETNI ht5 EHT ERA EW
                   November 9th, 1999 - 9991 ,ht9 rebmevoN
                          Editor: BMC - CMB :rotidE
                             Writers: - :sretirW
                         Gnarly Wayne - enyaW ylranG
                                  Cog - goC
                                  BMC - CMB 

                   
  d""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""b.
 ;P                     Featured in this installment                       .b
 $                                                                          $
 $                              Obituary- Cog                               $
 $                          Obituary- Gnarly Wayne                          $
 $            Voyage From Atlantis c.x (dedicated to Komrade B)- BMC        $
 `q                                                                        p'
   `nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn'

                               EDITOR'S NOTE

        Last week our friend, Komrade B, died.  Let us never forget his life
or the many entertaining articles he wrote for us over the years.  We'll
miss you, Berry.


  d""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""b.
 ;P    Jason Berry, AKA "Komrade B" - January 27, 1977-November 5, 1999    .b
 `q                                by Cog                                  p'
   `nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn'

Our dear friend and fellow writer Jason Berry was taken from us suddenly on
November 5th, 1999.  His smile and sense of humour will be dearly missed, and
his compassion will remain with us forever.  As well, we shall never forget
the occasional tears that Jason shed, for even the strongest of us are in
need of an attentive ear and a helping hand during tough times.

The circumstances of his death are painful to write about, but we have
decided that it would be best to share with you, the readers of The Neo-
Comintern, as you too have laughed along with us all and become a member of
our large family.  The morale of the writing staff has been wounded by this
unfourtunate event, yet it has endured.  Simply knowing that our readers are
aware of this tragedy and are remembering "Komrade B" in their own unique
ways strengthens our resolve to pull together and continue...

On the day of his passing, "Komrade B" and BMC were once again collaborrating
on another great story for The Neo-Comintern.  Near its completion they
ordered a pizza, then held a coin-toss to decide who would go to pick it up
from the pizza establishment two blocks away.  The coin decided that Jason
would be the one to go.  When the article was finished, he stepped out of the
house to pick up the food.  Seconds later, BMC heard a terrible squeal of
brakes outside of his home.  When he rushed outside to see what had happened,
he discovered Jason lying broken and motionless in the street, and a car
which had collided with a tree.

From eyewitness accounts, it seems that Jason had begun crossing the street
when a green 1970's model Chevrolet Malibu Classic blew around the corner.
Apparently, the driver saw Jason and swerved to avoid him, but the car spun
out of control and Jason was struck by the car's rear-end, then crushed under
its wheels.  The car continued skidding out of control until it struck a tree
in a yard across the street.

Jason was pronounced dead on arrival at St. Paul's Hospital at 4:37pm on
November 5th.  BMC is inconsolable and full of "what-if's" concerning the
unfourtunate events of that day, and as yet has not decided whether or not to
release the article that he and Jason penned together on that day, as well as
a number of other articles penned prior to his death.

The driver of the vehicle was arrested and taken to the hospital to treat
injuries resulting from his collision with the tree, and was released into
police custody shortly thereafter.  He had registered a blood-alcohol level
of 0.12 (over the legal limit in Canada), and is being charged with impaired
driving, vehicular manslaughter, and reckless endangerment.  We are lobbying
for prosecution to the fullest extent of the law.  He took our dear friend
and collegue from us, and we demand justice.

I personally will set aside a few minutes each day to remember "Komrade B",
and I hope that you will do the same.  May eternal peace and happiness find
you as your reward for a life well lived, Jason Berry.

Thankyou.

                                                                            
  d""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""b.
 ;P                             R.I.P......B.                              .b
 `q                            by Gnarly Wayne                             p'
   `nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn'

        The news shocked me to say the least.  When I found out that our
good friend and fellow N-Com writer Jason "Komrade B" Berry was killed in an
auto accident, I had very mixed emotions and feelings.

        I had not known Jason very well, but I still considered him a close
and dear friend. I tried to remember what I was doing on the fateful day it
happened...........

        I woke up at about 2:00 in the afternoon to the BMC's phone call.  He
wanted me to come over and play some BoloBallz and write articles.  I said
sure and showered and got dressed.

        Then I downed a mickey of vodka, as was the norm and got into my
Malibu Classic. As I sped towards my destination, I could feel the alcohol
kicking in and was glad.

        As I turned onto the BMC's block, I noticed a figure exiting his
house. He was crossing the street and gave me a wave as I approached.  I
jokingly swerved a bit at him and he dramatically dodged.

        Then I followed thru with my swerve, narrowly missing him by inches.
Luckily, the back end of my car fish tailed around and hit Jason with full
force. As he slid under my back end, I grinned as I heard the sickening
crunch of his skull under my tires.

        I then lost control and skidded right into a tree. I stumbled out of
twisted vehicle, and was about to walk over to his body to make sure he was
dead. BMC came out and screamed "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?!?".

        I told him what I had done and he smiled and hi-fived me.

        Then we went in a played Doom, pretending every enemy was Berry.

        It was a fun day.


  d""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""b.
 ;P                    VOYAGE FROM ATLANTIS (chapter x)                    .b
 `q                                 by BMC                                 p'
   `nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn'

        It was a crisp spring morning, and we were both up early.  I was a
bit tired, but Komrade B was alert and smiling happily.  That is the way I
will always remember him.  Happy and alert, in the prime of his life, and
always ready to duel with a squad of MooN MonSTars at a moment's notice.
Anyway, it wasn't long till I got a message on the conch shell, and it was
father, King Namor.  Apparently we were failing in all our missions and the
kingdom of Atlantis was being toppled by a mysterious red-suited daemon.
I was told that if we had not failed in every single step of our current
mission that this would have not happened.  I tried to accept all of the
burden of blame, but Namor knew that the fault rested completely on Komrade
B, and I recieved orders that I must kill him.

        Ahh my brother in mind and partner against conflict.  Though I felt
anger toward him many times, I never lost the love for him that I had in my
heart.  I had raised my hand to him many times, but only struck him on very
rare occasions.  I didn't know if I would be able to go through with the
foul deed, but I told my father that it would be done.

        I prepared lunch, a true Komrade Feast featuring macaroni and cheese,
sardines, tea, beef jerky, pink grapefruit pop, and saasage.  While I was
working away I couldn't stop thinking about Komrade B.  Though he had tried
to be helpful in our quests, he quickly reached his level of incompetence.
Realizing that he was mismatched in this magical world, he became withdrawn,
and without energy he sank deeper and deeper into uslessness.  Though he
served no practical purposes, and at this time he was much more of a burden
than anything, I was still hesitant to kill him.  I loved that motherfucker.

        After breakfast we sparred and practiced our dance moves, as was the
daily routine.  I let him win at sparring and also let him lead when we were
dancing because he is the world's worst loser and I did not want to have to
put him in his place on his last day.  Well I guess I eventually did put him
in his place, but only in the sense that I actually physically killed him.

        Later in the day we docked our boat on a beautiful island.  There
was a huge meadow that we came across while exploring.  I found nothing of
interest, but Komrade B discovered a trail of chocolate bars.  When he
reached the end of the trail, he sat down on a rock and smiled to himself.
At that instant, in an act of blatant Mr. Show plagarism, I stepped out of
the bushes that were immediately behind him and cut the pallid, stringy
flesh of his throat.  (note: this is supposed to be irony)

        As I ate his flesh, it seemed that my knowledge of gay pornography
and blind love for capitalism grew by the bite.  Was it possible?  Was it
possible that my brother was in fact not a child of the sea but a MoOn
monStar?  I did not entertain the thought anymore.  Instead, I returned to
Atlantis where I was heralded as a hero.

        The city was still under seige, but the Weegie Knight and I gathered
our resources and reclaimed the city of night.  King Namor had been
assassinated by the rebels, and we had to determine who would be the new
Atlantean monarch.  The new reign of Atlanis, however, is a completely
seperate story.  It is a story that actually makes sense and has a clear
point to it.  Perhaps the tale will be told in the future, but for now, just
suck back on a Werther's Original and take a moment of silence to think
about our old friend, Komrade B.  Rest in peace, motherfucker, rest in peace.

                                    THE END

.d&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&b.
    ___________________________________________________
   |THE COMINTERN IS AVAILIABLE ON THE FOLLOWING BBS'S |
   |~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~|
   | BRING ON THE NIGHT                 (306) 373-4218 |
   | CLUB PARADISE                      (306) 978-2542 |
   | THE GATEWAY THROUGH TIME           (306) 373-9778 |
   |___________________________________________________|
   |   Website at: http://members.home.com/comintern   |
   |           Email BMC at: thebmc@home.com           |
   |___________________________________________________|

 .d&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&b.
 Copyright 1999 by The Neo-Comintern                            #82-11/09/99

All content is property of The Neo-Comintern.
You may redistribute this document, although no fee can be charged and the
content must not be altered or modified in any way.  Unauthorized use of any
part of this document is prohibited.  All rights reserved.  Made in Canada.
