                  qn,
       d&&&&&&&&P ;P                       d&b     d&&P
      ;P   d'  d' d'                        d&;     d'
          ;P     ;&,e&q,  .c&&q,           ;P`&;   ;P .c&&q,  ,c&&q,
          d'     dP~  `b ;P'  `&           d' `&;  d';P'  `& ;P'  `d
         ;P     ;P    ;P dB&&&&P          ;P   `&;;P dB&&&&P d     P d&&P
         d'     d'    d' &,   ,           d'    `&d' &,   ,  &, .,d'
       d&&P    &&&   &&& `&&&P'         d&&P     `P  `&&&P'  `&&&P
                                                  ,
    ,e&&&q,a                       ,nP'          d'
   ;P'   `d'                       "'          d&&&P
   d'     " ,c&&q,  q&,e&q,e&q,   q&P q&,e&q,  ;P'  ,c&&q,  q&,e&q q&,e&q,
  ;P       ;P'  `d  dP~ `B~  `b   dP  dP~  `b  d'  ;P'  `&  dP~ `P dP   `b
  d'     , d     P ;P   ;P   ;P  ;P  ;P    ;P ;P   dB&&&&P ;P     ;P    ;P
  &,  .,d' &, .,d' d'   d'   d'  d'  d'    d' d' , &,   ,  d'     d'    d'
  `Y&&&P'  `&&&P' &&b  ;P   d&P &&b &&b   d&P `&P' `&&&P' &&b    &&b   d&P

 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo

    t h e  n e o - c o m i n t e r n   e l e c t r o n i c  m a g z i n e
                   I n s t a l l m e n t  N u m b e r  6 6

                        .WE ARE THE 5th INTERNATIONAL
                         .June 9th, 1999
                          .Editor: BMC
                           .Writers:      
                            .BMC


 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
                                                                        ";P'
                        Featured in this installment:                    `$
                                                                          $
                             Count Danteism- BMC                         ;P
                        Monster Labour Party '01- BMC                    d'
                                                                        ;P
                                                                        d'.
 .,;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;,"*,;

                               EDITOR'S NOTE

        Though the Monster Labor Party has been mentioned a few times in the
past, it has never really been explained comprehensively.  I'm sorry to add
that it never will.  In this issue, though, I will attempt to explain a tad
bit more about our immortal leader Count Dante, and I will also touch down
on a few mandates of the MLP.  If you have any further questions, we can be
reached on the Anti-Conspiracy Network.  PaX.


 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
                                                                        ";P'
                                COUNT DANTEISM                           d'
                                    by BMC                              ;P
                                                                        d'.
 .,;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;,"*,;

        Figurehead for the Monster Labour Party, Count Dante is best known
for creating what became known as "the politic of death".  No information is
known about Dante's birth, and as far as scholars can tell, he could be an
eternal being, and may in fact be God.

        In 1976, he founded Danteism, a fierce fundament which represents
the savage side of humanity.  Though many of his campaigns have been
questioned by his subjects, some of his hard-hitting reforms include the
following:

        -legalization of murder
        -publically funded doctor assisted suicide
        -judicial system replaced by immediate trial and execution
        -corporal punishment for petty crimes such as traffic offences
        -militia replaced by Count Dante and Jean Charest: the martial duo

        Though Dante has no platform in regards to taxes, global trade,
social security, or anything else mildly related to the social
infrastructure, you just can't argue with his advertizing slogan, "Vote
Dante, or he'll kill you."

        In 1979, Dante approached the British Monarchy and demanded that he
be respected as rightful heir to the throne.  He served as king for seven
years, then he passed the throne back to Queen Elizabeth.

        Dante returned to Canada in 1986, and ever since then he has been
serving as a local MLA.  He is known for his relentless pursuit of justice
as well as for his mysterious dissappearance in early 1992.

        In 1999, Count Dante has resurfaced and demands that his rightful
position of Saskatchewan MLA be filled.  


 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
                                                                        ";P'
                           MONSTER LABOUR PARTY '01                      d'
                                    by BMC                              ;P
                                                                        d'.
 .,;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;,"*,;

        When we started the "Monster Labour Party" earlier this year, we had
great hopes of a clean sweep in the federal election.  Well, we've recently
discovered that the next federal election won't be happening until sometime
in 2001, but don't worry, we'll just hop in the time machine and see you
then.  Damn.  Oh well, looking at the half-full glass I'd have to say that it
just gives us more time to campaign and let you know what the Monster Labour
Party promises for the future.  If you haven't heard our platform, by all
means read this exerpt from our party handbook:

        "...the Monster Labour Party is first and foremost a group of evil
communist politicians, founded in 1998.  Our hard-hitting political reforms
include, but are not limited to, ideas and concepts such as the MONSTER
LABOUR CAMPS, equal rights for Zombies, time travel to promote global trade,
eradication of MoOn MonsTars, the land bridge, a bridge to the moon, the
raising of Atlantis, and the three cent coin."  (chapter 8, verse 10)

        When we take over, erh I mean get elected, you will see a government
that is amusing to young and old alike.  

        By telepathic communication with our cohort, Count Dante, I have
been told that the Monster Labour Party will, in fact, be victorious.

        Now that the big question has been answered, you are probably
wondering what else we are going to do to...erh, I mean FOR the citizens.

        The first order of business will be to crush and obliterate all
former oponents of the Communist Global Empire.  The next trick is to let
loose the secret military police.  After that, the population will be in fear
and we can rule however we please.  Hopefully, we will become corrupt and
create a system where 10% of the people control 80% of the wealth.  If this
ever happens, we will change our name to the Democratic Global Empire.

        People say that communism has never been given the chance to succeed.
That is partially true.  Although the idea of communism as a whole is
undisputably considered the most productive and one of the otherwise best
forms of government by the politically educated community, the system has
never proven to put forth an efficient leader.  Well, Castro seems to be
doing quite well, but I've never actually seen anything other than the news
video feeds that are processed through the heavily capitalist and
anti-communist US of A.

        Well fuck the good old boys, because democracy has never been proven
to work either.  Democracy originally was a reference to Plato's idea of
a society where all of the citizens have input to the going-ons of
government.  That system is also, by definition, a corrupt one.  If it were
not corrupt, then it would be referred to as a polity.  At least the bastards
admit that much.

        The type of system we live in (since obviously nobody has noticed) is
called an oligarchy.  This is a system where a minority rules (and is still
corrupt).  Yes, believe it or not, but we don't actually make any government
decisions other than which out of two corrupt parties we are going to vote
for.  Well, it dosent have to be so cut and dry.  Vote Monster Labour Party
this year, and we will castrate all of the people on "Open Mike" (who operate
in alliance with MAVO).  This may not have anything to do with solving the
problems that plague Canada, but at least it is a start!

                                                                           
 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
    ___________________________________________________
   |THE COMINTERN IS AVAILIABLE ON THE FOLLOWING BBS'S |
   |~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~|
   | BRING ON THE NIGHT                 (306) 373-4218 |
   | CLUB PARADISE                      (306) 978-2542 |
   | THE GATEWAY THROUGH TIME           (306) 373-9778 |
   |___________________________________________________|
   |   Website at: http://members.home.com/comintern   |
   |           Email BMC at: thebmc@home.com           |
   |___________________________________________________|

 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
 Copyright 1999 by The Neo-Comintern                            #66-06/09/99

All content is property of The Neo-Comintern.
You may redistribute this document, although no fee can be charged and the
content must not be altered or modified in any way.  Unauthorized use of any
part of this document is prohibited.  All rights reserved.  Made in Canada.
