                _____ _             
               |_   _| |__   ___      
                 | | | '_ \ / _ \
                 | | | | | |  __/
                 |_| |_| |_|\___|   
                _____ _____ _____                
               |     |   __|  _  |  _____            
               |  |  |   __| |_| | |_____|                 
               |__|__|_____|_____|
      ______                             __________                  
     / ____ \                _____      |____  ____|   ____          _
    | /    \_|___  |\     /||__ __||\    | ||  |  _   |    \  |\    | |
    | |      /   \ |  \_/  |  | |  |  \  | ||  |/ _ \ |  ~ /  |  \  | | 
    | |     _| O | | |\_/| | _| |_ | |\ \| ||  |  __/ | |\ \  | |\ \| |
    | \____/ \___/ |_|   |_||_____||_|  \__||__|\___\ |_|  \_\|_|  \__|
     \______/
                                   E-MAG
                                   
-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-
                           
                      The Neo-Comintern Installment 3
                        We are The 5th International   
                            February 19th, 1998
                            Editor: The BoSS MC 
                        Assistant Editor: Komrade B           
                                  Writers:                  
                                 Komrade B
                                The BoSS MC

-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-

                               EDITOR'S NOTE

        This is the original premiere Neo-Comintern.  I thought I deleted it,
but I was wrong.

                               "Video Games"

-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-

                        Featured in this installment:
                        I LOVE YOU, YUKI!- Komrade B
                       YOUNG MC WAS RIGHT- The BoSS MC
                       DODGE THIS, FASCIST!- Komrade B
                        VIRTUAL KUNG FU- The BoSS MC

-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-

                              I Love You, Yuki!
                                By Komrade B

        Last night I had the privelage- no, the honour of playing a title
called Gals Panic, and let me tell you it has changed my life.  Each girl
was a challenge, you found, and as you progressed with them through each
stage you grew to love them more and more.

        The only disappointment I had with the game was there was not enough
about the girls themselves.  Who are they?   What are their hobbies?  Do
they support Communism.  Probably, because they are Vietnamese and we know
how great a Communist nation that was.  Note that we finished the game, and
even though we wanted to finish it, I couldn't help but feel empty, as
though part of me died when those gals disappeared.

        Oh yeah, I think in the sequel there should be more girls, and an
option to print those sexy pictures.  Thank you.

-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-

                            Young MC Was Right
                              by The BoSS MC

        Well, I played bust a move yesterday, and I was inspired greatly by
it.  I was not only pleased by this game, but also disgusted.  Aren't those
the Bubble Bobble guys?  Shouldn't they be saving the world from monsters on
a hundred level quest for their girlfriends?  Also, I would like to know why
their bubbles now come from a satchel.  I personally know Bub and Bob, and
I am not the only one to recognize that the bubbles come not from the sack,
but from their hearts.  Also, why are these bubbles now diferent colors?
Bubbles, as some of you may or may not know, are transparent.  These bubbles
are obviously not even transluscent.  or maybe they are, I forget.  ANYWAY,
the bubbles seemed to stick together in clusters before, but now they are
connected seemingly by some type of magnetic force, building up until they
eventually crush and kill the little dragons.  Now for some reason, once a
cluster of three bubbles of the same color join together they become
extremely volatile, perhaps isotopic in nature.  I have talked to many of the
scientists at the university and in our secret communist science labs, but
nobody has been able to give me a scientific explaination for the premise
of this game.  Researcher Dr. J.E.J. said this:

        "From my extensive research, my hypothesis is that this game is fun"
after experiments were completed, his collegue, dr Yon Gabriel said:

        "We are unable to come up with a thesis for this game.  we must
continue with months of extensive research in the campus comfectionary
arcade"
when I consulted my psychiatrist about this, he said:

        "Why don't they just pop the bubbles with their heads like in the
first one?"

        In conclusion, I would like to say that although I have found little
about Bust a Move, other than the fact that there was a song written about
it, I did learn a valuable lesson in self-worth.

-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-

                            Dodge This, Fascist!
                                By Komrade B

        Just imagine if you played this game.  Think of what it would be
like if instead of wars and murders people were forced to compete in Dodge
Ball games.  Or, if they refuse I'll haul their asses to the monster labour
camps.  So instead of shooting some dead, (although the thought has
entertained me many times) A hard edged non-biased game of SUPER DODGE BALL
shalt be implemented, and we can resolve our petty differences that way.

        Imagine seeing me, BMC, and the newly revived Lenin zinging balls
off of the heads of famous facists.  Just think about that for a while, and
while you are thinking about that you might want to think about the evil
and fast growing MAVO oraganization.  Thankyou.

-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-

                                Virtual KungFu
                                By The BoSS MC

        I woke up this morning and the world was in levels.  My entire life
was based on running straight forward towards certain death at the hands of
five sons of the devil, who entertained me greatly, then killed me.  So, I
got out of bed and some purple guys started trying to grab me, and my only
options were to kick or punch them.  Then I had to fight 6 midgets to get to
the next level so I could take a shower.  When I went to the kitchen I had
to fight two guys throwing knives at me, then there was a guy who beat me
with a truncheon, and I sweep kicked him repeatedly untill he fell through
the floor and made a spring sound.  Then some snakes fell on my head, and I
kicked the poop out of some boomerang guy who was sitting in my TV spot.
Then a black slum lord was sitting in front of my car, but I sweep kicked
him many times, and he fell through the sidewalk.  Then there was this magic
guy in the car and he threw his head at me, and I had to give him 3 low
punches.  Then I got to the next level and there were bees and I got to this
super wimpy end guy and I killed him and then I went to bed.
P.S. Communism

-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-
           
 
    ___________________________________________________
   |THE COMINTERN IS AVAILIABLE ON THE FOLLOWING BBS'S |
   |~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~|
   | BRING ON THE NIGHT                 (306) 373-4218 |
   | CLUB PARADISE                      (306) 978-2542 |
   | THE GATEWAY THROUGH TIME           (306) 373-9778 |
   |___________________________________________________|
   |Website http://www.sfn.saskatoon.sk.ca/~ad357      |
   |Email The BoSS MC at manta1@hotmail.com            |
   |___________________________________________________|


-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-\-/-



  Copyright (c) 1998 Comintern Publications and The Boss MC 
  All Rights Reserved.                            #3-2/19/98
