                  qn,
       d&&&&&&&&P ;P                       d&b     d&&P
      ;P   d'  d' d'                        d&;     d'
          ;P     ;&,e&q,  .c&&q,           ;P`&;   ;P .c&&q,  ,c&&q,
          d'     dP~  `b ;P'  `&           d' `&;  d';P'  `& ;P'  `d
         ;P     ;P    ;P dB&&&&P          ;P   `&;;P dB&&&&P d     P d&&P
         d'     d'    d' &,   ,           d'    `&d' &,   ,  &, .,d'
       d&&P    &&&   &&& `&&&P'         d&&P     `P  `&&&P'  `&&&P
                                                  ,
    ,e&&&q,a                       ,nP'          d'
   ;P'   `d'                       "'          d&&&P
   d'     " ,c&&q,  q&,e&q,e&q,   q&P q&,e&q,  ;P'  ,c&&q,  q&,e&q q&,e&q,
  ;P       ;P'  `d  dP~ `B~  `b   dP  dP~  `b  d'  ;P'  `&  dP~ `P dP   `b
  d'     , d     P ;P   ;P   ;P  ;P  ;P    ;P ;P   dB&&&&P ;P     ;P    ;P
  &,  .,d' &, .,d' d'   d'   d'  d'  d'    d' d' , &,   ,  d'     d'    d'
  `Y&&&P'  `&&&P' &&b  ;P   d&P &&b &&b   d&P `&P' `&&&P' &&b    &&b   d&P

 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo

    t h e  n e o - c o m i n t e r n   e l e c t r o n i c  m a g z i n e
                   I n s t a l l m e n t  N u m b e r  6 0

                        .WE ARE THE 5th INTERNATIONAL
                         .April 26th, 1999
                          .Editor: BMC
                           .Writers:      
                            .Komrade B
                             .Phrog
                              .BMC


 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
                                                                        ";P'
                        Featured in this installment:                    `$
                                                                          $
                             BRE In Kosovo- BMC                           $
                       Memories Of Atlantis- Komrade B                   ;P
                     Vancouberbatim (Part 2 of 2)- Phrog                 d'
                                                                        ;P
                                                                        d'.
 .,;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;,"*,;

                               EDITOR'S NOTE

        After I put this issue together, I took a moment to contemplate the
reasons that I chose these three articles.  Sometimes I'll find some articles
that are all based on the same topic, and that will be a theme issue, or what
we in the biz refer to as a "talking-talk-talk-tick-tock-tick-tock-ring-ding-
ba-ba-da-ding-talk-talk-tick-tock," and other times there will be a bunch of
weird, unclassifiable stuff that just has to be thrown together and enjoyed
as if it were some chop suey or a box of liquorice allsorts.  Anyway, this
issue is all about time, and since the first article is all about the timely
subject of the Kosovo crisis as related to the game of Barren Realms Elite,
we are going to go to our foreign correspondant, Gnarly Wayne, who is
currently located in the efiL4seibmoZ sector of Yugoslavia.  Take it away
Gnarly Wayne.


    CONNECT 300

    Sending via Z-modem

    ***dsz0000000

        Time.  There is always time for time.  Think about the sheer
crappiness of existance if the concept of time did not exist.  There wouldn't
be songs like "Time to get Ill" and "Times are Gettin' Ill".  The concept of
time is just as important as the concept of having feet.  Without one or the
other, humanity would cease to be humane at all.  That is one world I would
not enjoy living in.  P.S. Read my autobiography on the concept of time.

    NO CARRI)5# 32lO(98*&^knsda  ^#@kjkh763   987%$.k%EYAk12jlitO^*
                OI&i857)*(^4i7ljP(&@#iyi726khbL@!O*^pioub123;yi
IU61;n')(k2,3h


        And that was the way it happened.  That was the last we ever heard
from him.  For the last two weeks we have been unsure of whether he is alive
or... the opposite.

        But it would be pointless to dwell on that, so let me elaborate on
the subject of the matter by saying that the first issue is timely, the
second is about a timeless classic, and the third is better late than never.
Regardless, you will enjoy them all equally, or you will be caned thrice
times by our own administrator of MONSTER LABOUR CAMPS.  PaX.


 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
                                                                        ";P'
                                BRE IN KOSOVO                            d'
                                    by BMC                              ;P
                                                                        d'.
 .,;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;,"*,;

        OK, well there are all sorts of problems in Yugoslavia right now, and
as far as we can tell they are probably the result of covert ops from
Azarothia and Black Wolf, two of the most treacherous baronies in the realms
of BRE.  For the purposes of making sense, we can just change the names of
Azarothia and Black Wolf to USA and Great Britain.  These vile nations used
their covert agents to create public dissent and lower military morale.  From
that point it would have been impossible for Yugoslavia to stay strong.

        Let's just assume that you were one of the countries that was
weakening Kosovo.  First of all, you would choose a communist country,
because even though more than half of the world's nations are democratic,
communism still poses a threat to capitalism because if successfully
implemented it would be a fairer and more efficient system of government.
The concept of class would be eliminated, and people would be judged by who
they are instead of how much money they made.  The social safety net would
be complete and conditions of poverty would cease to exist.  The only problem
with communism is that the excessively rich people would have their property
seized and redistributed among the masses.

        One thing that makes the United States different from our fair
country of Canada is that people are more concerned with personal wealth,
and the tycoons of America are far richer and even less scrupulous than the
rich bastards of Canada.  Corruption and greed run through the American
political system as heavily as blood runs through the human body, and nobody
disputes this fact.  So the rich control the government through tax dollars
and bribery.  The system is set up to support capitalism and protect the
rights of the individual, including the right to enslave.

        So the United States weakens, attacks, and destroys another communist
country, and the wealthy herald them as heroes.  The rich newspapers and
the money-run television stations tell us to be happy that Kosovo is going
to be "saved" by the United States, and everyone cheers because they are too
blind to see that the people who are giving us this information are the same
ones who are keeping us poor in Canada.  So the USA attacks, and Canada is
invited to get a .01% in on the attacks.  What should we do?

        This is the part where Chretien screwed up.  This is where the
Efil4seibmoz empire and the League of Binary Boys should have stepped in and
defended the innocent country of Yugoslavia, but no, they jumped their asses
right on in and started taking the country out.  I suppose that being a
"democratic" country would have something to do with this, but before I
jump to the next topic, let me explain what constitutes a democracy.  A
democratic country is a place where the citizens make decisions on
everything.  Democracy means that people make a difference, and the people
rule themselves.  Now this might just be my stupidity, but it seems to me
that the only decision we ever get to make is which of three candidates we
are going to pick to rule our lives.  After that point it's the job of the
Liberal Party to make and pass legislation with no chance of having bills
defeated because of "party discipline," meaning that if any of the 60%
Liberal majority votes against a bill they will be fined and fired.  So what
we actually end up with is a system where a small group of people who were
voted for by about 25% of the population get to make 100% of our decisions
for us.  According to Plato's definition of democracy, our current system
comes nowhere close, so let's just assume that the word democracy is just the
brand name of the corruption that we currently live under.

        So all of the "democracies" become cowboy heroes and jump in on a
group attack.  Unlike the game of BRE, however, the victors don't get to add
masses of land to their baronies per se.  If there were some imperialist
motives at work it would be at least partially admirable, but the US has more
sinister plans.  Take every country one by one and convert them into
pseudo-democracies.  Manifest destiny summarizes the mission of America, and
their wars to acheive it have been well documented.  At a certain point, the
United States will hold so much power that all the rest of the world forces
will no longer be able to repel their power, and when that happens, the
Americans will have no choice but to go imperial on the stars and planets
like we have witnessed on Star Trek.

        Hopefully we'll already be dead if the Americans ever succeed, but
otherwise we still have hope that corruption will infect the capitalist
system heavily enough so that it will fall like the Roman Empire, and then
we can see it replaced with something more useful like communism, socialism,
or even anarchy.  But as my heros Q Land and Minotauria once said, "no
attacks."  Let's all just build land and stockpile weapons, and maybe someday
our huge civilian defense wall and peasant army will be able to crush the
Americans and their Goo Goobalie Gooie Kablooie ops.


 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
                                                                        ";P'
                            MEMORIES OF ATLANTIS                         d'
                                by Komrade B                            ;P
                                                                        d'.
 .,;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;,"*,;

        Beyond the choppy waters of the Atlantean Kingdoms lies the coast
of Yemen.  Caliph Poody Tee had ruled that spice kingdom for near a century
in that time.  I can't remember the time in human years but it was many a
century ago when I was a young youth, suckling at my maitre's breast.  Namor
the prince, my father war rarely around.  He was often out fighting to
strengthen our borders. (Atlantis in those days was not as stable as today
and enemies struck everywhere)

        My first adventure came from riding a Sea Weegie.  This young mare to
my dismay was in heat and a large weegie bull came to claim her.  Being armed
with a clam dagger I slew the mighty beast and returned to the capital a
hero.

        My father, amused with my first kill, dubbed me
"Ry'leh karla Kilimek", which translates to "Little Bastard".  Needless to
say, the wars against the Juniper Horde and the Palinkay were vicious and
drawn out.  The wars were weighing heavily on father, and he became more and
more reticent.

        It was at this point the nation turned to their Golden Son, and it
was to me this duty fell.  With hate on my mind and love in my heart I
destroyed the Palinkay at their capital.  With the aid of the elves I
rewarded them with the capital which they renamed Cavercus.

        The Juniper horde was a forwarded force from the planet Juniper, and
a preclude for the MoON MoNStaRs.  The Juniper Horde reined death on sea and
land creature alike.  They killed indiscriminately, and without mercy, but I
couldn't help but feel their pain.  As they repeatedly attempted to
assisinate me I could not bring myself to hurt them as if I felt their pain.
Often when I caught one of them trying to kill me I would let them go and
tell them "Peace be with you!"  The love, oh, the love.

(to be continued)

Thank You

                                                                                            
 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
                                                                        ";P'
                         VANCOUVERBATIM (Part 2 of 2)                    d'
                                  by Phrog                              ;P
                                                                        d'.
 .,;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;,"*,;

        Hey, it be I again. Its my dayyyy off, so I thought I'd write and say
hey-hey-hey and tell all of you the cool thing I did at work yesterday (no,
it doesn't involve buying a gold plated DeLorean).

        When my shift was almost over, I took a quick peek at my schedule for
the next week and saw that i was scheduled for yet another 3 day week.  Under
normal circumstances this wouldn't be too horrible, but I really, really need
to be makin some bucks right now so this really sucked.  Plus, all the shifts
where morning shifts even though i was hired for full-time graves (not to
mention i have to get up at 4:30am just to make it to work for a mornin'
shift).  So I gave my 2 weeks notice.  I have to admit, even I'm having
trouble seeing my logic on this one.  I can't afford to only be workin 3 day
weeks, so I opted for...no day weeks??? Oh well I'm sure I know what I'm doin
(yeah right).

        Well, not to much else new happenin out here.  Oh yeah, we (my mom
and I) moved into a new apartment.  It's about half a block away from the old
one, and it's a two bedroom!!  No more sleepin on a couch for me!  Now I get
to sleep on a floor!!  Oh, and my scuzzy mom's searchin' for a new car.  At
first she had her head set on a '97 Grand Am, but yesterday she test drove a
'97 Mustang convertible and now she's all on the tip of, "I really, really
like that car," and I'm all, "No!  You can't get that car.  You're my mom and
you just can't be havin a car that smooth!"  So I'll have to wait and see
what happens there.  But anyhoo, I should probably get flowin, cuz I should
probably go out and look for a job or somthin (stupid jobs!), so I'll brag
you all out later.


 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
    ___________________________________________________
   |THE COMINTERN IS AVAILIABLE ON THE FOLLOWING BBS'S |
   |~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~|
   | BRING ON THE NIGHT                 (306) 373-4218 |
   | CLUB PARADISE                      (306) 978-2542 |
   | THE GATEWAY THROUGH TIME           (306) 373-9778 |
   |___________________________________________________|
   |   Website at: http://members.home.com/comintern   |
   |           Email BMC at: thebmc@home.com           |
   |___________________________________________________|

 odO$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.$Obo.odO$|$Obo.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$.odO$Obo
 Copyright 1999 by The Neo-Comintern                            #60-04/26/99

All content is property of The Neo-Comintern.
You may redistribute this document, although no fee can be charged and the
content must not be altered or modified in any way.  Unauthorized use of any
part of this document is prohibited.  All rights reserved.  Made in Canada.
