       ____    ______
    __/  _/_   \   _/__   ________        _________   ________  ________
    \   ____)__/  __   )_/ ______/_       \   __   )_/ ______/_/  _____/\
    /   \)    /   (/    / ________/       /   (/    / ________/   \)    /
    \___ \   /____/    /____     /       /____/    /____     /_________/
       \____/    \____/    \____/            \____/    \____/
                               ____
                              /___/          ____
   ________ ________ _________ ___ ______ __/  _/_ ________  ______ ______
  /  _____/_  _____/\  __ __  )_  \  __  )\   ____)_  ____/_/      )  __  )_
 /   \)    /  \)    /  (/ (/   /  /  (/   /   \)   / ______/   /___/  (/   /
/____ \   /________/___/__/   /__/___/   /\___ \  /___    /___/   /___/   /
    \____/               \___/      \___/    \___/   \___/           \___/

::::::::.:::..::...:.... ...  ..   .    .   ..  ... ....:...::..:::.::::::::

        t h e  n e o - c o m i n t e r n  i n s t a l l m e n t  4 5

                        WE ARE THE 5th INTERNATIONAL
                             December 18th, 1998
                                 editor: BMC
                                   writers:
                                  Komrade B
                                     BMC
                                  
::::::::.:::..::...:.... ...  ..   .    .   ..  ... ....:...::..:::.::::::::
                                                                           .
                        featured in this installment:                      .
                      Alternate Reality: Version 1- BMC                    .
                       Dre On The Treadmill- Komrade B                     .
                        Merry Christmas, Fascist!- BMC                     .
                              Werdz Of Wizdome                             .
                                                                           :
          .      .     .    .   .  . .. ...................................;

                        MERRY MUTHAFUCKIN CHRISTMAS

        ...and here's your holiday rap n' roll bounty.  These are a few extra
articles on NWA that we had kicking around, so enjoy them along with my
special Christmas wishes.  

::::::::.:::..::...:.... ...  ..   .    .   ..  ... ....:...::..:::.::::::::
                                                                           .
                        ALTERNATE REALITY: VERSION 1                       .
                                   By BMC                                  .
                                                                           :
          .      .     .    .   .  . .. ...................................;

                                                     
        The world of rap has progressed in a very interesting way.  Certain
rappers careers have been much more successful than others.  Will Smith, for
example, has joined a group called NWA, and MC Ren has gone on from hard raps
to a movie and TV career.

        His most recent movie was Black Niggaz In Black, where he starred as
a futuristic gangbanger, hitting up gang signs with the MooN monstars and
doing intergalactic drivebys on the planet of Compton.

        Even before that, Ren was in such a film as Independance Day, where
he played a MoOn MonsTar who invaded earth and became monarch.  Ever since
then, the ruthless villain has been on top of the world.  His recent release,
Gettin Broomstick With It, has even gone multi-platinum.

        The acting role that started it all was his breakthrough show, The
Bitch Made Nigga Killa Of Bel Air.  And who can ever forget that season
finale?

        That's the one where Ren comes home and starts fucking aunt Viv with
the broom.  Geoffery, Hillary and Ashley come in the room and join in the
broomstick triathalon.

        Later, when DJ Train comes by to make a quick crack deal, his broom
"accidentally" slides up Hillary's azz.  This leads to uncle Phil throwing
Train out in the usual "comedic" style.  Next, when Ren unloads 15 in Phil's
body, the crowd roars with laughter.

        Then Carlton (played by Yella) comes home from a night of gangbanging
to find his stash of horse is a bit shorter, and Ren has to bend him over and
reinact that knife scene from American Me.

        "I'm tha bitch made nigga killa of bel air
         running around, broom-fuckin beeyatches everywhere
         I'll pull the nine amidst a tete-a-tete
         and pop a cap in yo azz, so get a cold rag and wipe ya neck!"


::::::::.:::..::...:.... ...  ..   .    .   ..  ... ....:...::..:::.::::::::
                                                                           .
                            DRE ON THE TREADMILL                           .
                                By Komrade B                               .
                                                                           :
          .      .     .    .   .  . .. ...................................;

                                                           
        Fit ness groups are for suckers.

        Dre didn't need one because he was always running somewhere.  Dre's
song 100 miles and runnin was nothing new to him.  He said "that's not a
great song, I run 100 miles every day."  But he's always still out of breath,
so he's not in very good shape.

        Dre even ran on a treadmill during the song to sound more tired, and
then he said, "Eazy, I think you should do it too", but he said, "nah I think
I'll just rap my bit and then go get high."

        "and laid."  But Dre didn't have that option, and Yella was satisfied
just to watch the E because he'd given up the chance of ever getting laid
himself.


::::::::.:::..::...:.... ...  ..   .    .   ..  ... ....:...::..:::.::::::::
                                                                           .
                          MERRY CHRISTMAS, FASCIST!                        .
                                   By BMC                                  .
                                                                           :
          .      .     .    .   .  . .. ...................................;


        It's that time of year again, and I'd just like to let you all know
that I hate Christmas.  Yes, put that one in the record books.  The yuletide
season is nothing to me but a depressing blur of shopping, crying, and
drinking.  Add another few hundred dollars in my red book, and you have the
recipe for Ex-Mass day suicide with a side of "chips".

        So what the hell is Christmas, anyway?  Some god is born and dies,
and therefore I buy presents for everyone I know?  I don't think so, Snookie!
On my birthday, I usually get 3 presents at the most.  Jesus has a birthday
and EVERYONE has to buy tonz of presents for EVERYBADY!

        Eazy-E had a few dozen kids, so we don't really need to guess why
he would say, "Merry Muthafuckin Xmas".  I know how the E felt when he
scribed the beats and rhymes for that great symphony.  He felt the weight of
Christmas (aka fascism) driving him into an early grave.

        Anyway, I'm sick of buying all of these presents.  I'm not even
a Christian anyway (unless you count getting baptized, confirmed, and
receiving all the 5 other sacraments as making you a "Christian").  I don't
even know how the hell it works, but I hope that God just leaves me alone
next year so I can save my money for the good stuff (like porno magazines and
indulgences).


::::::::.:::..::...:.... ...  ..   .    .   ..  ... ....:...::..:::.::::::::
                                                                           .
                              WERDZ OF WIZDOME                             .
                                                                           :
          .      .     .    .   .  . .. ...................................;


        I heard that MC Ren came out with an album in 1993 by the title of
"Shock Of The Hour".  I didn't know if it was true or not, but I found a
wax cylinder of it in an antique shop.  It costed me nothing; in fact they
paid me to take it away.  Nonetheless, it was a thouroughly enjoyable album.

        As I have been doing regularly for the past issues, my review will
consist of absolutely nothing but quotes from MC Ren's old album.  The
article will include the regular sections of "Violence, Anti-White,
Mysogenous, and misc cool" quotes from MC Ren, as usual.  This time, however,
I will be introducing the latest segment, simply entitled "droppin
ignorance".  If you don't get the idea, you soon will.  So until later, get
relaxed and read these, the quotes of...


                                  MC REN

           And so they shall stand by themselves, without commentary.



        VIOLENT QUOTES:

 "shoot him in the ass like a muthafuckin rabbit"
                                      

        ANTI-WHITE QUOTES:

 "he's a redneck, throw him with the rest of the dead bodies"
                                     
 "murder the causcasian; the asian invasion"
                                    
 "if you see a nigga with a white bitch beat his muthafuckin ass"


        MYSOGENY:

 "Your stomach full of nut and just flushed a baby"
                                   
 "You wanna fuck her?  EVERYBODY fucks her"
                                  
 "Put ya pussy in ya pussy beeyotch and breathe real hard"
                                

        DROPPIN IGNORANCE:

 "Forecast shows it's gonna rain 20%"
 
 "so abandon ship, grab your parachute"
  
 "ren is in the front; with supreme wisdom; puffing on a blunt"
   
 "I killed that bitch that weighed fouuurty ounceeeeez"
    

        MISC COOL:

 "Niggaz making records sellin TWO CAAPIESSSS!
 cool.
        


        In closing, I'd like to beg of you to buy this album.


::::::::.:::..::...:.... ...  ..   .    .   ..  ... ....:...::..:::.::::::::
    ___________________________________________________
   |THE COMINTERN IS AVAILIABLE ON THE FOLLOWING BBS'S |
   |~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~|
   | BRING ON THE NIGHT                 (306) 373-4218 |
   | CLUB PARADISE                      (306) 978-2542 |
   | THE GATEWAY THROUGH TIME           (306) 373-9778 |
   |___________________________________________________|
   |   Website http://www.sfn.saskatoon.sk.ca/~ad357   |
   |         Email BMC at manta1@hotmail.com           |
   |___________________________________________________|

::::::::.:::..::...:.... ...  ..   .    .   ..  ... ....:...::..:::.::::::::
                                                               #45-12/18/98
Copyright 1998 N-Com
All content is property of The Neo-Comintern.
Unauthorized use of any part of document is prohibited.  All Rights Reserved.
