06-15-95
ViPer017.






         ÜÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÜ ŞÛÛİ ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ
         ÛÛÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛÛß   ßÛÛÛ ÛÛÜÜÜÜ  ÛÛ   ÛÛ
         ÛÛÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛ ÛÛßßßß  ÛÛÛÛÛÛ
         ßÛÛÛÜ ÜÛÛÛß ŞÛÛİ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛ  ßÛÛ
          ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß       ÛÛÛÛ
            ßÛÛÛß         ßÛÛß

                                   VIOLENT PERFECTION


          (What good is knowledge,
                 if it gives no power to the wise...)
 



Disclaimer:    Neither the group nor the author are
          responsible for any use or misuse of this essay,
          which should be used as a theoretical exercise
          only.




     INTELLIGENCE (DISCUSSION): COMMUNICATIONS
                                             (VIPER017).

BY Proph


     Communications is the most important commodity of any
intelligence or counter intelligence agency.  Without good
lines of communications, vital information may not reach an
agency in time to act on it thus becoming useless. Or usually
the trivial things will jam up the communication lines and,
in turn, contribute even more to the communication problem.

     There are a multitude of possible ways of transmitting
messages and data, including different types of radio waves,
telephone lines, network telecommunication lines, mail
services, covert dispatches, etc., etc..  But, which
communication lines are the best?

     Telephone lines can be easily tapped. Cellular phones
can be listened to by very simple scanners. Mail, even if it
is not opened, takes too much time same as even the fastest
dispatches.  All types of radio waves can be intercepted, or
require a too complicated equipment to run.

     In our modern world computers have become the key to
providing successful communications of secure messages. While
it is true that computer modems use the very ordinary phone
lines which can be tapped with special monitoring equipment,
the amount of information relative to the speeds at which
that information can be transferred around the planet and the
total volume of it - make intelligence gathering by way of
phone taps insignificant at best. The availability and
widespread use of Encryption programs for even the least
consequential messages and data, force the most sophisticated
decryption teams to spend great amounts of time in order to
decode data that is practically worthless even to those who
sent it.

     Unless the National Security Agency Ph.D.s or some other
decrypting branch of the United States Government finds a way
to defeat at least the most wide-spread Encrypting programs,
we will see a tightening of controls on the use of such
programs.



                                   June 15th, 1995.

 


 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ³  AND via InterNet at                               ³
 ³       <an278756@anon.penet.fi>                     ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ViPer017.