06-16-95
ViPer018.





   ßÜ    ßÜ    ßÜ     ÜßÛßßÜ     ÜßÛßßßß    ßÛßßÜ
    Û     Û     Û       Û   Û      Û         Û   Û
    Û     Û     Û      ÜÛÜÜß     ÜßÛßß      ßÛßÛß
     Û   Û      Û       Û          Û         Û  ßÜ
     Û   Û       ß      Û         ß ßßßß    ß    ß     ş
      ßÜß              Üß


     "Centralized and strong governments arise because of the
perception of unmet needs.  They maintain power because they
generate new perceptions of needs which are unmet or by
fueling the impressions which lead to war - or both.
     Take away the perception of unmet needs, and strong
governments find it increasingly difficult to maintain power
without becoming ever more tyrannical."





Disclaimer:    The following article is an exercise in
          theory and should not be taken as anything but.




    INTELLIGENCE (DISCUSSION):  FINDING THE TAIL
                                             (VIPER018).

BY   Boss


     There are many types of individual and group tailing
techniques in operational use by many agencies. Such agencies
may not have the public's safety on their agendas for which
reason this work is provided. In the following you will read
about the best "shadowing" techniques in use around the world
today. For all intents and purposes they are practically
impossible to discover, and very hard to get rid of.

     The "fork" - a group of people (2 or more) is used.
One agent is placed in front of the suspect, and the other
behind. This technique is very interesting, as it may involve
double and even triple "forks".

     A suspect will have agents not only in front and behind,
but on the sides as well. It is very easy to use, and
extremely hard to discover, because the agents can change
positions at their leisure (within certain limitations of
course).
     COUNTERMEASURES:    For about 5 minutes, walk in a fast
pace on the straight-line course, by doing which you are
stretching the distance between the "front" and "back" tails.
(If you do not run, and do not overdo the "stretching", the
side tails will never know what happened.)

     Then turn around a corner into a building, and observe
as the members of the pursuit team change positions. If side
tails are used, you will see a very interesting by-play
watching all four agents look a fool.

     The Unobtrusive Method - this method has only one
drawback, which is - that it takes a long time to actually
find out suspect's regular routes. One agent notices the
direction that the suspect usually takes (on weekday mornings
for example).

     The next day, another agent waits for the suspect a few
blocks from his house, in the direction previously noted, and
observes the next direction of the suspect.

     This method is repeated in steps of no more than a few
blocks at a time until the full route of the suspect is
known.

     This technique has many advantages - the most important
one being that it is near to impossible for the suspect to
discover a tail.



                                        June 15th, 1995.


 

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ³  AND via InterNet at                               ³
 ³       <an278756@anon.penet.fi>                     ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

ViPer018.