02-20-95
ViPer014.



ÚÄÄÄÄ¿    ÚÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
À¿  ÚÙ    À¿  ÚÙ À¿ ÚÙ À¿  ÚÄÄÄ¿  ³ ³ ÚÄÄÄÙ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³
 À¿ À¿    ÚÙ ÚÙ   ³ ³   ³  ³   ³  ³ ³ ÀÄ¿   ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³
  À¿ À¿  ÚÙ ÚÙ    ³ ³   ³  ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³ ³ ÚÄÙ   ³ ÚÄ¿ ÚÙ
   À¿ À¿ÚÙ ÚÙ    ÚÙ À¿  ³  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ³ ÀÄÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³ À¿
    À¿ ÀÙ ÚÙ     ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³  ³        ÀÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÙ
     À¿  ÚÙ            ÚÙ  À¿
      ÀÄÄÙ             ÀÄÄÄÄÙ
        VIOLENT PERFECTION


 "A good idea circulated and discussed is worth
   a million brilliant ones buried in the archives."





Disclaimer: Neither the group nor the author of this
article take any responsibility for any and all harm
or personal loss resulting from reading, copying,
carrying, and/or distributing this article.




               PROJECT - "TUNNEL RAT"
                                 (viper014.)


by DAIMYO


    The following are a few documents (translated
into English) that have become known to BC some time
ago - made public for the first time. Shortened
version:

    In 1978, Soviet High Command fearing the coming
of World War III, decided to experiment with methods
of taking control over enemy Silos (that is where
most of the Western Tactical Missiles are), and new
ways of leading guerilla war in the cities (usually
large ones: Paris, Berlin, London, New York, etc.).

    A use of the Fast Response Team was authorized
for the duration of the project (Fast Response Teams
are usually Spetsnaz and Intelligence units,
separated under clause "Actium Alpha". Their job is
to take control over enemy nuclear and tactical
installations in case of and during War.).

    A group of scientists was assigned, as the
experiment was fairly new and data on long-term
underground survival was scarce. The team consisting
of about 15 people (the actual number is unknown due
to the highest secrecy, and to the fact that
probably a few soldiers died).

    The team lived constantly underground in the
substantial catacombs under old Moscow, military-
grade tunnels leading from different strategic parts
of Moscow to Missile Defense Grid, Silos for
Tactical Nuclear Missiles, and military Fall-out
defense perimeter). The depth the Team was under
never went lower than 200 meters and higher than 10
meters.

    During the course of the project it was
discovered that life underground is problematic.
That people need sun (for its "life-giving" rays),
also fresh air (which isn't really all that fresh,
but for some reason our brains don't like the
underground atmosphere in the slightest). About 2
weeks later the first serious problems of light
headaches developed, which grew worse with every
passing day.

    New problems appeared, and in the end the whole
thing was taken off-line for medical reasons. BUT
VERY TOP SECRET or VERY UNOFFICIAL Reports
(whichever you think are more truthful) said that
most of the team went mad and try to shoot their way
out to surface against a company of motorized
infantry. BTW did I mention that some of those
tunnels are big enough so that two medium tanks can
drive side by side with great ease.

    Actually some of those tunnels are protected by
Motorized Infantry Detachments with Tanks and
Armored Vehicles.

    Oh well, secrets-secrets...


			February 20th, 1995.



****************************************************
****************************************************

9254g-AA478-t45g7y11


Classification:    TOP SECRET



To: Director of Soviet Army
    BioMedical Research of the
    Moscow Defense District (C).

Re: Project "Tunnel Rat"

From:  Gen. -.----------
       Field Director of AA.



    Being it necessary to the security of the state
a current knowledge of underground living/working
conditions and influence of long term exposure to
tunnel environment is of the utmost importance.

    You are hereby ordered to assign a group of
approved scientists to Active Response Team 487
(Spetsnaz), residing in the Moscow Defense District
(Central) for the duration of the current project.


                        May 18th, 1978.



****************************************************
****************************************************


9441G-aa536-t1g1y11/1


Classification:    TOP SECRET


              Executive Summary


    Project "Tunnel Rat" - established June 11th,
1978.

    The project involved Active Response Team 487
(Spetsnaz) of the Moscow Defense District (Central).

    The aim of the project - to learn hands-on
experience of underground and tunnel warfare, with
possible future applications against foreign
countries. Such applications shall include sewer use
(for guerilla warfare), as well as occupation and
neutralization of enemy Nuclear, Biological, Toxic
and/or Conventional Missiles (with emphasis on work
in underground Silos).

    Underground sewers, catacombs, communication and
heat, as well as military defense tunnels were used.

    The project lasted 2 (two) months, during which
no one of Team 487 left the underground structures.

    15 days in the course of the project, the first
symptoms began to take place (Team 487 reported of
occasional headaches and earaches).

    32 days into the project, Team 487 reported
constant headaches, inner-ear disorientations, light
sensory hallucinations and whiteness of skin.

    61 days after the beginning of the project, Team
487 was withdrawn from underground tunnels and
placed in a high security ward of the Spetsnaz Field
Hospital. Diagnosis includes: high blood toxicity,
severe whiteness of skin, severe headaches, severe
hallucinatory problems, partial inability of
mechanic actions, discoloration of eyes and severe
depression.

    Team 487 completely recovered within 27 days.

    Partial success has been reported by Team 487,
in that all combat simulations have been completed.
The longest term of survival underground at peak
ability has been set to 22 days.

Recommend:  1. Further testing in the underground
               simulations.
            2. Development of BioMedical defense
               against "underground sickness."


                             October 4th, 1978.


****************************************************
****************************************************

 

 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³  Violent Perfection                 ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
 ³  WHQ  :  Psychotic Reflections BBS  ³
 ³  Sysop:  Kamui                      ³
 ³  #####:  718-981-6387               ³
 ³  H/P/C/A/V/T                        ³
 ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³ If you want to contact us, or have any interesting ³
 ³ information/essays/articles/etc. to share with the ³
 ³ rest of the Planet - than call our WHQ at a number ³
 ³ given above.                                       ³
 ³       Log-On as "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       Password  "ViPer"                            ³
 ³       4-Digits  "1111"                             ³
 ³       Birthday  "11-11-11"                         ³
 ³  (BTW.. remember not to use the quotation marks.)  ³
 ³                                                    ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
ViPer014.