=================================================================
-=] THE OLDE CROHN [=-
Post Nocte, Sol
After the night, comes the sun
=================================================================

Volume 3 - January 1996

Dedicated to the concept that no none should suffer 
from any inflammatory bowel disease

=================================================================

----] THE EDITOR'S SOAPBOX [----

     It's all a matter of perception.  I am writing this column on
December 22, the evening of the Winter Solstice.  It's the shortest
day of the year and consequently the longest, darkest night
follows.  My ancient Irish ancestors, the Druids, feared this night
above all others.  Solemn ceremonies were held in snow covered
fields where great logs of new hewn pine were burned in towering
bonfires.  Each and every home kept pine logs crackling in the
hearth and precious candles lit in windows and above doorways
throughout the night. Chants were sung and groups of elders walked
from door to door pronouncing incantations at each home.  All of
this to ward off the darkness, to convince the sun to return, to
convince the day to be long.  For my ancestors, this was a time of
fear and uncertainty, a time of dread because of the unknown. The
Druids named the time in Gaelic "Iula". [pronounced yu-la]
     Today the Winter Solstice passes largely unnoticed as we
prepare for the joyful celebrations of Christmas, Channuka, and a
New Year. The "yuletide carols being sung by a fire" only hint at
the relationship between the fears of the ancients and the spirit
of this season.  And the trees and homes bedecked with colored
lights are oblivious to their darker origins.  It's all simply a
matter of perception.  Perception changed by knowledge from fear to
joy.
     It's the same thing with inflammatory bowel disease, a matter
of perception.  Every month, we volunteers at the Olde Crohn
receive hundreds of email messages from our readers. Each of you
become special to us, and by letting us know you are there, you
continue to encourage us to put forth our best efforts in
publishing this journal.  
     Some letters contain sincere thanks and approval of our
efforts. Other letters seek answers and insights to the many
questions and problems that come from living with a chronic
illness.  And some letters are filled with great fear, despair, and
depression.  These letters are difficult to read and even more
difficult not to respond to. We want you to know that all of us
here have been there.  But we also want you to know that by seeking
and acquiring knowledge, we have all been able to leave those dark
places behind.
     The promise of the Winter Solstice is that always after the
darkest night comes the light of dawn.  It was true in the time of
the Druids and is still true today.  And so the Latin incantation
on this issue's masthead reads "Post Nocte, Sol."  After the night,
comes the sun.  It is our wish at The Olde Crohn, for each and
every one of you, a new year of health and a celebration of life. 
     
[Now you know why this column is called a soapbox]

     On to new business.  The Olde Crohn website now has a new and
permanent address.  During the annual Novus office Christmas Party
and Sheep Shearing we slipped some extra "nog" into the already
highly flammable Christmas punch, kept the Big Boss's glass
perpetually filled, and lo and behold!, funding for a permanent
website.  The new URL is:

http://www.netline.net/novus/crohn/index.html

Those of you who wander in through the old URL will be gracefully
whisked to the new site.

With the new site comes a new format and greatly increased disk
space which we have quickly appropriated for some valuable
functions which are planned for initial operation by January 20,
1996:

1. The Resource Directory.

   With over 300 entries and growing daily, the RD is a "searchable
by keyword" source of information.  The RD contains listings of
products, services, support groups, nonprofit agencies,
governmental resources, and more. If you have anything that you
feel would be of value to your fellow readers, email us the
information and we will include it in the RD.

2. The Resource Library.

   So far we have listed over 200 publications, books, magazines,
and newsletters that relate to inflammatory bowel disease.  The RL
is also searchable by keyword and we welcome additions and
recommendations from you.
     
     Our intent is twofold.  First and foremost we want to make
available as much information as possible and provide a friendly
place to find it.  Second, we want to provide a format for
manufacturers, suppliers and other advertisers to promote their
products (and continue to fund The Olde Crohn).

     The new site has also afforded us even greater expansion
potential.  In the coming months, we plan to make available free
access for our readers to use commercial software programs at the
site that deal with herbal and dietary therapy. These programs are
prohibitively expensive for a single user to purchase, but they are
valuable and effective databases that can help us all. There are a
number of technical and proprietary bridges to cross but the
software publishers are more than willing to cooperate with us.  

     We are also exploring with several medical doctors, dietary
specialists, university researchers, and other licensed
practitioners a way to provide free, online consultations. Limited
and experimental trials of the online consultation service may be
available as early as March. We are discussing with several
benefactors the most effective and economical way to provide this
service, since The Olde Crohn will cover the expenses so that no
one will be denied access to the information.  So far, we have
raised enough funding for the experimental trial at the web site. 
     
     That brings us to the Public TV theory.  We would like to
propose to you the idea that The Olde Crohn website services be
"reader sponsored".  This will allow us to keep the libraries and
databases balanced and informative and accessible to everyone
without regard to the ability to pay a fee.  We believe that the
online consultation service is a revolutionary way to access 
one-on-one information and will be used by virtually all of us. 
Unfortunately, it is the most expensive line item in our minuscule
budget.  While we have raised the funds to give it a brief trial,
we cannot guarantee its longevity (yet, we are a determined bunch).

     Somehow or other, Public Broadcasting Stations give away free
TV viewing and get people to send them money anyway.  It's like the
good folks at the local supermarket giving away free food and then
asking you to send them money, but only if you want to.  Beats me
how it works but I have yet to see dead air where the PBS station
is located on my dial.  So, if you like The Olde Crohn and you want
to promote free access and the continued development of information
and databases on the website, send your gift to:

The Olde Crohn
c/o Novus Research
2345 Buckskin Drive
Englewood, FL 34223-3987

Please make donations payable to "The Olde Crohn" and NOT Novus
Research.  The Big Boss wants me to say that again. Please make
donations payable to "The Olde Crohn" and NOT Novus Research.

     The Olde Crohn has been looking into providing easier access
to back issues and file copies of the current issue.  We have found
it difficult to keep up with requests for hard copy from readers
who do not have regular net access or download capability. Requests
for email delivery service from our many readers on commercial
online services is also voluminous.  The Olde Crohn exists as an
electronic media, and our promise to our funding source is that we
would not stray from that format or use their dollars to make and
send copies, or use online time to send hundreds of email copies. 
We have also run into the legal dilemma of giving free hard copy to
some while charging a subscription rate to others.  Our legal
weasel [sorry, MR. weasel] says "no way" so we stopped the
practice.  
     In the end, we have confirmed our commitment that ALL of the
information and access to knowledge from The Olde Crohn remain free
and unrestricted.  With that said, our cost of hard copy is as
follows:

[x] Hard Copy (paper and copying)  : $ 3.25  (50 pages @ .065/pg)
[x] US mail (first class)          : $ 1.41
[x] Envelope (9x10)                : $  .07  (They keep an eye on
                                              me and the supply
                                              room)

          TOTAL COST               : $5.00   (give or take)

Anyone who sends $5.00 to the Olde Crohn will get a hard copy of
the current issue or any issue you choose.  It can be freely copied
and distributed as you see fit (since you paid for it).  This (we
hope) will settle the hard copy issue.  Thank you all again for
your patience while we laboriously sorted this out and we continue
to look forward to your email and letters.  If you send more than
$5.00 we will put the balance into a fund for subscriptions for
those in need.

If you want the archive copies of The Olde Crohn on DOS diskette,
send us a diskette and a self addressed and stamped envelope
suitable for disk mailing and we will fill it with the archived
issues, no charge.  See, some things are still free.

[ Comments to the editor may be addressed to                      
  rmalloy@squeaky.free.org and please put EDITOR in the subject   
  header ]


@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
>> I CONQUERED CROHN'S <<
@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@

[ This is the third in a series of articles written by individuals
who have conquered Crohn's Disease, Colitis and IBD through
personal perseverance, research, and dedication.  These articles
are not intended to be an exhaustive account or a medical course of
therapy.  We do not suggest that anything espoused in any article
is a sure cure for Crohn's or Colitis, nor is it meant to
contradict another course of treatment.  These articles are
intended as a source of new information, perspectives, and a
stimulus for discussion and debate. ]

============================================================

[ Dayl Demio's article about her family's struggle with Crohn's has
inspired hundreds of readers to respond with questions and
comments. We went back to Dayl and asked if she would write a
follow-up article about the specific treatment, diet and therapy
that she used to stabilize her daughter.  Dayl, being the creative
person that she is, did us one better. She prevailed upon her
daughter to give a first person account of her success ]

.....

     I am Meggan Demio, the REALLY EMBARRASSED daughter of Dayl
Demio who thought it would be a great idea to tell the known
universe about my condition.  At first I was shocked, but after I
read what my mother wrote I realized that I wasn't the only one in
my family who was suffering from Crohn's disease.  Then I began
reading the email letters that so many wonderful people sent and I
realized that I was not alone and that maybe she did have a good
idea after all.
     My mother's article told about the time before we were able to
get me to feel better.  While that time was a terrible ordeal, I
think I was in such denial that I wasn't feeling, although reading
her account now makes me cry.  But after the reality of my problem
finally set in I got so angry, I just couldn't believe that it was
happening to me.  The prednisone didn't help matters either since
it was really screwing up my head and giving me a moon face. I
spent a lot of time arguing with everyone, especially my brother
who would pressure me to take my medication and get out of bed. 
Sometimes he would be a real jerk about it.  I still think he's a
jerk, but I know that his intentions were the best.
     The lowest time in my life was when the doctor told me in the
hospital that I needed to have surgery to remove part of my
intestine.  I remember him sitting on the end of my bed and telling
me matter-of-factly that the surgery was common and that I would
lead a full life afterwards.  He was calmly telling me that my
clothes would cover the stoma and that it was only a minor
inconvenience that I would learn to live with.  As he was talking
his voice began to sound like it was coming from a hollow tunnel
and I lost all feeling in my body.  He left me some literature to
read and walked away leaving me staring at the pamphlets while
there was this buzzing in my ears.
     Mom came in a few minutes later and she asked me if I was
alright.  I remember telling her to please don't let them do this
to me.  Then I cried with my head on her lap, something I hadn't
done since third grade.  She was so strong.  She just held me and
told me that it would be all right.  It wasn't until I read her
article that I realized that she had broken down too.  
     After I fell asleep, she went to see our family doctor who,
against the recommendation of the specialist, discharged me so that
I could go home.  I went home with the warning that if there was
any relapse, the surgery would be required.  So I went home, but
with no hope at all.  I decided that I would kill myself before I
would let them remove my intestines.  For the next several days I
just stayed in bed, I just didn't know what to do.
     My mother on the other hand turned into the Tasmanian Devil. 
She was running to libraries and bookstores to bring home every
book she could find on the subject of Crohn's.  She insisted on
reading them while sitting in my room with me.  Some nights when I
was walking down the hall to go to the bathroom, I would see the
light on in her room and I would find her still reading and taking
notes.
     Then she demanded that I read certain parts of the books that
she had highlighted.  In the meantime she was calling people on the
phone and asking questions and keeping a record of every call.  She
would come upstairs after each call and tell me what she had found. 
While all of this was going on I had another scare.  My fever shot
up one night and I had terrible cramps.  All I could think about
was the surgery.  Mom held me for several hours while I pleaded for
her not to call the doctor.  By morning we were both exhausted but
the fever was now back down.  At that point she made me promise to
participate with her and read the books, or else she would make
that dreaded call.  To this day, if she wants me to do anything at
all she threatens to "call Dr. Keogh".
     It was difficult to admit but the books were just what I
needed.  The natural method of diet and herbs was appealing to me
and I took extra effort to understand it.  The time I spent reading
and researching was that much less time I spent feeling sorry for
myself.
     We decided that I should radically change my diet and take
supplements.  Mom and I met with several naturopathic doctors and
we began a diet plan.  I also started to receive vitamin
supplements by injection.  Our family doctor was skeptical but he
said he would support our efforts as best he could.  Both mom and
I know now that without his support and open mind, I would not be
healthy today.
     The first diet we tried eliminated all carbohydrates and
sugars and was extremely difficult for me to follow.  With the
pressure of school and my mom's own work schedule we found it
impossible to maintain.  As a result, my prednisone was increased
and my fears too.
     Then we got a letter from a person who ran a local support
group for digestive disorders.  Reluctantly I went to a meeting and
was I surprised.  I had thought it would be a group of old people
sitting around complaining about gas.  But instead there were
several people around my own age.  Jim, the facilitator, was funny
and interesting to listen to, but the real value came from hearing
other people tell about what was working for them and what was not. 
In just a few meetings, we had worked out a livable menu plan.
     I agreed to eat as much "whole, fresh food" that I could
stand.  I promised not to eat any packaged or processed food, and
I was to stay away from sweets of any kind.  My diet now consisted
of mainly fresh raw and cooked fruits and vegetables and various
proteins.  Pretty much, I ate fish, poultry and eggs.  We tried to
eat grain products like bread and cereal only once every week or
so, using only whole grains and substituting millet for wheat and
almond flour where we could.  All in all, the meals were not so
difficult to prepare and my father and brother agreed to go on the
diet also.  While it represented a major change in our meal time
habits, the fact that our whole family participated made it work.
That's what my mother refers to as a support group.
     We also decided that I needed nutritional supplements such as
probiotics and enzymes.  But the many different types of products
and claims were confusing and depressing.  We also had trouble
getting through all the hype that the health food stores piled on
us.  Jim put us in touch with groups and resources who were able to
answer our many questions.  The volunteers at The Olde Crohn were
one of those resources.  They were able to inform us and direct us
to the products and services that we were looking for.  One of the
things that seemed to work very well for me was a blend of 
pau'd arco and nettles herb tea.  I made a mixture of both and
brewed some each evening and I still do it today.  I also took
acidophilus and whole leaf aloe vera each morning.  The aloe seemed
to have a soothing effect on my digestive tract.
     Our friends from the local support group helped us as well by
being available to answer questions and give encouragement.  It
took at least three months but I really began to feel better.  The
most dramatic results seemed to come from the enzyme supplements. 
The most immediate effect was an end to cramps, gas and stomach
rumblings.  I also took a teaspoon of psyllium in a glass of juice
every night which soon ended the diarrhea and the need for lomotil.
     Then I made my big mistake.  I was feeling so confident that
I was feeling good that I began to cheat on my diet at school.  I
began to sneak cookies and chocolate and they tasted even better
than I dreamed.  I would often go out after school with my friends
to get [fast food] whenever I could.  The result was a giant flare
up and fever.  My family was so discouraged until I admitted that
I was cheating.  It took weeks to get me back on the road to good
health again.  My mom then talked to each of my friends about how
serious my diet was and for them not to encourage me to cheat. 
They all joined in our personal support group and I really felt
good.
     It took about a year but I felt perfectly normal and I
realized that I was leading a normal life.  The change was so
gradual that I never noticed how well I was doing.  I know I am not
supposed use the cure word in this article but that is the word
that describes how I feel.  
     The editor of The Olde Crohn asked me to relate to you the
most important thing that contributed to my good health.  That part
is easy, it was the support and still is the support.  Knowing that
there are people who care and will help and understand makes all of
the difference to me.  Next in importance comes personal
discipline, something that I didn't have much of.  But I learned
that the choice was between being disciplined about how I ate or to
spend the rest of my life with pain and diarrhea.  Guess which one
I chose.
     My mom and I both agree that what is really important is not
being afraid of Crohn's.  It can not beat you if you are
disciplined and willing to work at getting better.  That's
absolutely true, it cannot beat you.
     And I want to say that you can't let a doctor run your life,
you have to run it yourself.  I learned that a doctor is supposed
to be a source of information, but not the only source.  And he is
not supposed to be the one to make your decisions for you.  While
my mom was the leader in helping me to get well, I thank Dr. Keogh
for being there for me even though he didn't believe in diet to
treat Crohn's.  During the whole thing he was helpful and
encouraging while holding the threat of surgery over my head.  I
guess his method helped to keep me disciplined.  I think that you
need to have a doctor like Dr. Keogh if you are going to get
better.  I learned too that surgery is not the end of the world
either.  Several people in my group had "ostomies" and they are
still loving and lively people.  Diet and discipline are just as
important to them as it is to me and the mutual support makes it
all work.  What matters is to be alive and to live life, and that
they do very well.
     And that's it.  I feel great, I look great and I don't have
Crohn's, no matter what any expert says.  And if I can do it, so
can you. It only takes support, discipline, and as my mom says "a
steady diet of love."

===============================================================

[REFERENCES: Based on the many questions that Dayl received about
the diet and supplement regime that she and Meggan used, the
following is her recommended reading list and a source of basic
nutritional supplements. 

Information:

1.  Basic Macrobiotics, by Herman Aihara
2.  Candida Albicans Yeast-Free Cookbook, by Pat Connolly
3.  Can A Gluten Free Diet Help?, by Lloyd Rosenwold
4.  Eating Right for a Bad Gut, by Jean Scala
5.  Enxymes and Enzyme Nutrition, by Anthony J. Cichoke, MD
6.  Gastrointestinal Health, by Steven R. Peiken, MD
7.  Good Food, Milk-Free, Grain-Free, by Hilda Cherry Hills
8.  Making the Transition to A Macrobiotic Diet, 
    by Carolyn Heidenry
9.  Probiotics: The Revolutionary Friendly Bacteria, by Leon      
    Chaitow, DC
10. The Angry Gut: Coping with Colitis and Crohn's Disease, by W. 
    Grant Thompson, MD
11. The Body Ecology Diet, by Donna Gates 
12. The Complete Book of Better Digestion, by Michael Oppenheim, MD
13. The IBD Nutrition Book, by Jan Greenwood
14. The New People - Not Patients:  A Sourcebook for Living with  
    IBD, by Peter A. Banks, MD
15. The Self Help Way to Treat Colitis and Other IBS Conditions, by 
    DeLamar Gibbons, MD
16. Your Gut Feelings:  A Complete Guide to Living Better with    
    Intestinal Problems, by Henry D. Janowitz, MD

17. A good source for wholesale enzymes, probiotics and cat's claw 
    is Jill Otto, 1704B Llano Street, #109, Santa Fe, NM  87505.  
    Write for information and price lists on Staff of Life        
    products.   

[Meggan says she loves to write letters and would look forward to
hearing from you.  Email to crohn@squeaky.free.org and please put
MEGGAN in the subject header]   

||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
THE OLDE CROHN SPEAKS
||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||

[ This column is devoted to answering questions of significance
about inflammatory bowel disease and related topics.  It is NOT
intended to be medical treatment advice, but rather to stimulate
discussion on the many aspects of IBD ]

-------------------------------------------------------------/

My doctor warned me that untreated Crohn's could lead to arthritis
and/or cancer.  What can you tell me about the link between Crohn's
and either of these diseases?  R.G. - Chicago, Illinois

There is strong evidence that a high percentage of people who
suffer from IBD also have aching joints.  It is estimated that
between 25%-50% of all IBD patients have arthralgia, or aching of
the joints.  While this aliment is the most common form of
"arthritis-like" pain, is not arthritis, which is clinically 
described as inflammation of the joints.

However, there are a two different types of arthritis associated
with IBD.  Peripheral or colitic arthritis is characterized by
pain, swelling and stiffness in one or more of the large peripheral
joints, usually the arms or legs.  Frequently only one or two
joints are involved and it may migrate from joint to joint.  When
untreated, the joints remain painful for several weeks but unlike
other forms of arthritis there is generally no permanent damage. 
Once the inflammation disappears the function of the joint returns
to normal.  Patients on prednisone find that the immediate relief
of joint pain adds to the euphoric feeling of health.  This type of
arthritis is more common in colitis and its severity usually
parallels the degree of inflammation in the colon.  Treatment of
and improvement of the colitis usually translates into improvement
in the arthritis as well.  Patients improve on corticosteroids and
even on sulfasalazine.  Colectomy appears to cure the arthritis
associated with ulcerative colitis but this does not seem to be the
case for Crohn's.  The cause of this form is unknown but it is
suggested that some of the inflammation represents an immunologic
response to substances that may enter the body through the inflamed
bowel wall.

The other type is spinal arthritis or spondylitis, which is joint
pain and stiffness in the vertebrae of the spinal column.  This
disease is genetically linked with an antigen found in the blood
(HLA-B27) and is a rare complication of IBD.  Unlike peripheral
arthritis, spondylitis may not parallel the course of the
associated IBD nor is it improved with treatment for the bowel
inflammation.  Also, unlike peripheral arthritis, spinal arthritis
may result in fusion of the bones of the vertebral column leading
to a permanent decrease in the range of motion of the back.  The
most frequent areas of involvement of the spine involve the
sacroiliac joints (lower back).  Pain and stiffness are usually
worse in the morning on arising and improve with activity.  In most
cases, active spinal arthritis does not persist beyond the age of
forty years.  Although bony fusion and permanent disability may
occur early in the course of illness. 

Treatment usually includes physiotherapy using stretching exercises
in addition to moist heat applications.  Aspirin and naproxen are
usually prescribed for the pain.  These drugs relieve the pain but
do not alter the course of the disease and may exacerbate the
accompanying IBD.  Steroids are not recommended because they soften
the bones (osteoporosis), and this may be a major, long term
problem with these drugs.  However, with proper treatment most of
the symptoms can be controlled and most people remain free from
functional disability.  

In "The Self Help Way to Treat Colitis and Other IBS Conditions",
Dr. DeLamar Gibbons noted that the participants in his Colitis Club
Research Diet experienced a reduction in arthritis symptoms as well
as colitis symptoms while on the diet. The Research Diet eliminated
all sugars, fructose, sucrose, lactose and in some cases gluten.

The herb cat's claw, DHEA, and even enzyme supplements appear to be
helpful in relieving pain, swelling and inflammation.  However,
cat's claw and DHEA are just too new on the market for us to get
past the accompanying hyperbole that has been generated so far.

Cancer has been recognized as a complication of ulcerative colitis
since 1925. The risk increases with the duration and extent of the
disease.  The highest risk effects those who have had universal
ulcerative colitis for eight or more years.  Regular annual
surveillance of the colon through colonoscopy and biopsy are used
for early detection.  If abnormal cell growth is discovered in the
absence of acute inflammation, early colonectomy is recommended. 
By the time of diagnosis about half of the colorectal cancer in
ulcerative colitis patients have already reached an advanced stage. 
The mortality rate in this group is therefore very high and most
die within two years of diagnosis.  But the other half whose
cancers are detected early do very well and are usually permanently
cured after total proctocolectomy and ileostomy.  The most
important thing to remember is that early detection can save your
life.

The risk of cancer seems to be much less in Crohn's disease.  The
increased cancer risk in Crohn's has been calculated as being
approximately one-third that in universal ulcerative colitis. In
short, the risk is only slightly higher than the "normal"
population.  And generally more Crohn's patients will have had
surgery and will not have carried the disease in their colons for
as long as people with ulcerative colitis.  Regarding the small
intestine, cancer risk is increased for Crohn's patients, but small
bowel cancer is one of the rarest.  There have only been fifty
reported cases since Crohn's was first identified thirty five years
ago.  The risk of small bowel cancer in Crohn's does not even begin
to appear until after twenty or thirty years with the disease.
About forty percent of all reported cases have occurred in bypassed
loops and this is why surgeons prefer to remove, rather than bypass
sections of diseased intestine.

--------------------------------------------------------------/

Is it true that psoriasis is a related complication of my IBD?
L.G. - Portland, Oregon.

The most common skin disorders that arise as a result of IBD are
erythema nodosum, pyorderma and stomatitis, big words that mean
"bumps on the skin".  They are believed to originate from factors
in immune system dysfunction.  

Psoriasis is not considered a skin disorder but a metabolic
disturbance, possibly genetic, that is triggered by environmental
or stressful conditions, faulty diet or malabsorption which causes
a nutritional deficiency, or by the administration of certain
antibiotics like penicillin.  Because IBD is known to cause
nutritional deficiencies as a result of impaired digestion and
malabsorption of nutrients, and many IBD patients are taking some
form of antibiotics it does not come as a surprise that psoriasis
and eczema might manifest along with IBD. 

Psoriasis is an overgrowth of the epidermis caused by abnormal cell
division.  There is believed to be a metabolic error in the
enzymatic breakdown of arachidonic acid (a lipid substance
sometimes implicated in IBD immune system response and
inflammation) that causes new skin cells to be produced ten times
faster than the old skin is being shed.  An accumulation of the new
skin forms thick patches of scaly skin.

Diet therapy includes elimination or at least avoidance of pork,
dairy products, wheat, alcohol, especially wine, all nuts, with the
exception of almonds and aromatic spices like curry, pepper,
ginger, cloves, nutmeg, caraway, anise (licorice) mustard and red
(cayenne) pepper.

A number of sources encourage the consumption of fish and seafood
high in Omega-3 fatty acids (salmon, sardines, mackerel, and
herring), poultry, beef, all types of vegetables, all types of
fruit, onions, garlic, parsley, chives, herbs, olive oil and
almonds.  Specifically recommended are fresh fruit and vegetable
juices, yogurt and sauerkraut.  Also advised is one tablespoon each
day of one of the following natural cold processed oils rotating
from one to another each day: olive, canola (rapeseed), flaxseed,
linseed and evening primrose oil.
 
Applied directly to the affected area, evening primrose oil is
sometimes effective.  Nutritional therapy recommends supplementing
with unsaturated fatty acids like evening primrose oil.  Also
vitamin A, vitamin E, vitamin B complex especially B-6, B-12 and
folic acid, vitamin C with bioflavinoids and zinc are recommended.
However, with inflammatory conditions in the bowel, vitamin
absorption is restricted and consuming large doses may be a waste
of money.  Sublingual, or liquid supplements are more effective,
and your physician may be able to assist with injectables.  Also,
including enzymes as a part of your daily dietary supplementation
may increase your ability to absorb and utilize vitamin and
nutritional supplements.  

There is a relatively new protocol from some doctors in Europe who
are using fumaric acid (fumaric acid dimethyl ester or fumaric
monoethyl ester) to treat psoriasis with notable success.  It seems
people suffering from psoriasis have a biochemical defect in which
they are unable to produce enough fumaric acid.  

The entire protocol on how to administer fumaric acid is available
from The Rheumatoid Disease Foundation at 5106 Old Harding Road,
Franklin, Tn  37064, (615) 646-1030.   Or a tape of Dr Helmut
Christ's talk "Psoriasis Under Control at Last - A New Alternative
Treatment" is available through Insta-tape, Inc.  (800) 322-TAPE or
(818) 303-2534.  Fumaric acid is available through Cardiovascular
Research at (800) 888-4585 or (510) 827-2636. 

What is asafoetida, I heard it helps with colon problems.  
K.F. - Toronto, Ontario.

Asafoetida is an herb used in Indian and Middle Eastern cooking and
medicine (Ayurveda).  It is said to be particularly effective for
maintaining colonic health as it cleanses undigested food from the
digestive system and is useful in breaking up toxic accumulation
that has resulted from excessive consumption of highly processed
foods.  It is recommended for use ONLY when the active symptoms of
IBD are under control.  

It is sometimes used in cooking to replace onions or garlic. 
Eleanor Rosenast, author of "Soup Alive" recommends that one-eighth
teaspoon of asafoetida powder is approximately equivalent in taste
to one fourth cup of chopped onion or one clove of garlic.  

-----------------------------------------------------------/

Most standard medical texts about IBD claim that diet has no causal
or therapeutic relation to the disorder, how can that be?  
D.L. - Carrollton, Texas

Inflammatory bowel disease is a complex disorder which may be
caused by many factors and is influenced by equally as many.  These
factors include but are not limited to intestinal flora imbalance,
impaired digestion and malabsorption of nutrients, enzyme
deficiency, viral and bacterial infections, environmental stresses
and toxins, medications as well as allergic and immunological
responses.

Once the cycle of dysfunctional digestion is established and
inflammation and damage to the anatomical structures of the
digestive system have set in, it is difficult to discern exactly
what initiated it.  And it is no less challenging to sort out the
effects various forms of treatment have on it.

Since we all would agree that diet and nutrition are the foundation
of basic good health it seems it would be a good place to start no
matter what is ailing us.  And we should always give credit to the
remarkable ability the body has to heal itself.  When given hope,
support, rest, proper nutrition and the opportunity to rebalance
itself; the body will respond and work to regain equilibrium.

It is known that in any case of IBD, impaired digestion and
malnutrition are major issues.  Diet cannot be taken lightly
considering the importance of nutrition in IBD.  A diet that
supplies maximum nourishment with minimal irritation to the
inflamed intestine would seem required.  For each individual this
is probably different since we all have different systems and
sensitivities to different food.  So each of us has the work of
figuring out what is nutritive and what is poisonous for our own
individual system.  That is why certain diets seem to work well for
some, but are dismal failures for others. 

We know that with IBD not all food that is ingested is properly and
thoroughly digested, and any food that isn't digested is a
potential irritant to the intestine.  We must find solutions and
answers within our diet in order to aid our bodies in reclaiming
health.

Medically prescribed elemental diets, which contain the 
end-products of digestion and require little to no digestion have
been shown to provide rapid absorption of much needed nutrients in
shortened and diseased intestines.  On elemental diets minimal
residue from digestion has meant minimal irritation and translated
into bowel rest, which has given an opportunity for intestinal
healing.  Bacteria and yeast have then ben left to starve without
partially digested carbohydrates to feed on.  

Elemental diets are expensive and they taste foul.  But the concept
of ingesting pre-digested foods that require minimal digestion may
give us an idea of what we need to be including in a diet that
would give the body the opportunity and the nutrition it needs to
heal an inflamed intestine.  How long this process would take is
unknown and probably very specific to the individual, but certainly
seems worth researching.

Drug therapies don't seem to lead to genuine healing, and in the
long run may actually do more to perpetuate disease by causing
imbalance within the digestive system and other bodily systems. 
They seem best if used for short periods of time as needed to
stabilize an emergency situation.  And indeed there are situations
when surgery is a life saver, but it should be a last course of
action and not an inevitable end.  Surgery hardly seems a "cure". 
Cure has to do with a restoration of health to a fully functioning
digestive system.  Relief from symptoms of disease is exactly that
and may be all we can expect and be thankful for in certain
situations, but restoration of health, true digestive health, is
the goal I believe we all are striving for.

IBD is complicated and there appears to be no one answer to what
causes or cures it.  Diet may or may not be the "cause" or the
"cure" to IBD but because it is so fundamental to our basic,
overall health and so closely related to our inflamed intestines it
certainly is worth looking into and investigating.

------------------------------------------------------------/

I have been hearing alot about DHEA as an anti-inflammatory.  Do
you know anything about it?  
K.C. - Hartford, Connecticut

DHEA (dehydroepiandrosterone) is the most important hormone
produced by the adrenal glands and to a lesser degree it is
produced at the cellular level.  It is second only to cholesterol
in abundance in the body.  Our adrenals can naturally produce 
anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic corticosteroids from DHEA.

DHEA has been studied as a possible life extender.  DHEA levels
peak in the human body at about twenty five years of age and from
then on decrease.  DHEA has been shown to reduce obesity in
laboratory animals which may help explain why people tend to put
weight on as they get older when DHEA levels in the body are
diminishing.  It has also prevented cancer in laboratory animals
and extended their life span by as much as fifty percent.  The
highest risk of AIDS and cancer have been linked to the lowest
levels of DHEA.  Studies have also linked low levels of DHEA with
cardiovascular disease.  DHEA helps to lower blood pressure and
blood cholesterol levels, while balancing blood sugar levels.  It
may play an important role in cognitive enhancement, and has been
credited with an antiviral effect, is said to enhance immune system
function and helps slow degenerative diseases and the aging
process.

Prior to the fall of 1994, DHEA was available by prescription, in
a synthetic form only.  There was a problem with the synthetic form
breaking down in the digestive tract.  It is now available in
colloidal form, which remains stable and assures optimum
assimilation and utilization in the digestive system.  A natural
food source of DHEA is the yam.  Wild Mexican Yam Extract contains
steroidal glycoside believed to be a precursor to DHEA.  

This is also a new "currently hot" nutritional supplement with a
lot of big claims associated with it.  We will be on the look out
for more information to discern what the true effects are from
DHEA.  Let us know if your health care provider has any information
on DHEA that may be helpful to us.
___________________________________________________________/

I am a person with Crohn's Disease, I am looking for 
possibly other people who have experienced difficulty -- 
rather a change in their platelet count when put onto 
6-MP.  During the time I was taking 6-MP - 50mg I had no 
change in my platelet count but when the medication was 
increased to 75mg my platelet count dropped to 73,000 and 
has taken almost 2 years to get it back up to 109,000.

Any information provided would be greatly appreciated.
Thank you for your assistance in advance.
DK - California

[6-MP (Mercaptopurine) also called Mercaptan, is a powerful immuno
suppressant often used in the treatment of leukemia.  Many doctors
are hesitant to use 6-MP in Crohn's due to severe adverse effects
and unknown long term consequences.  In the 1980 clinical trial at
Mt. Sinai Hospital, 10 percent of the cases studied required the
drug to be withdrawn and it took at least 90 days for the positive
effect on crohns to be realized.  Leukopenia (low white blood cell
count) is a major risk.  Deficient blood polymorphs impair your
body's ability to resist infection.  If there is a bacterial
culprit in Crohn's, 6-MP can be a poor choice of therapy.  Bone
marrow suppression and pancreatitis are severe side effects of 6-MP
therapy.  A 75mg dose is close to the maximum dosage and your two
year platelet recovery time is very common with this drug. However,
data from the Mt. Sinai study and the body of recent information
claims that the long term recovery from side effects is excellent.

[If you would like to comment to "The Olde Crohn Speaks" send her
email at rmalloy@squeaky.free.org and put SPEAKS in the subject
header]
=========================================================//

...---...---...---...---...---...---...---...---...---...--...
NEWS FROM THE NET
...---...---...---...---...---...---...---...---...---...--...

[ Another compilation of news and scurrilous gossip from our      
 clipping services. ]

THE LANCET: Britain's major medical journal reports on a study
conducted by the University of Glasglow on homeopathic therapy. 
The clinical trial ran "a full and randomized double blind
assessment of two parallel groups" using placebo and "oral
homeopathic" therapy for asthma patients. Lancet reports that five
out of thirteen patients [38.4%] using the placebo improved while
nine of eleven [81.8%] using the homeopathic remedy improved.  In
spite of LANCET's praise for the "exceptional rigor" of the trials,
the findings were so shocking to the University researchers that
they made the following disclaimer.  "Because of the inherent
implausibility of homeopathic medicine we question that we have
produced evidence for effects that do not exist."  [And we question
the bias and intent of the researchers who apparently were
expecting a much different result.]

ROSWELL PARK:  Researchers at the Roswell Park Cancer Institute
report that a study of animals fed brazil nuts (Bertholletia
excelsa) showed a "significantly increased" resistance to cancer
compared to animals fed walnuts.  The study reports that the brazil
nut contains exceptionally high levels of selenium [while walnuts
contain almost no selenium] and that it was more effective than
commercial supplements containing sodium selenite. The study warns
that selenium in any form is toxic in high doses and that only a
few nuts daily are required to provide adequate dietary selenium.
[Consider also that Ulcerative Colitis patients have a higher
incidence of tumor development.]

CONNECTICUT:  Oxford Health Plans, a rapidly growing HMO is
offering an experimental plan to its own employees allowing them to
choose a homeopath or naturopath as their primary physician.  In
related news, a pleurisy patient in Washington State who had failed
to respond to antibiotics was placed on a regime of injections of
vitamin B along with herbal baths and hot compresses.  The patient
responded quickly and fully recovered, however, her insurance
carrier refused to pay for the alternative treatment or the doctor
visits, paying only for the antibiotics.  [ She should only pay the
insurance premiums for the treatment that works and demand a refund
from those that don't.]

WASHINGTON, D.C.: The Consumer Product Safety Commission has
announced that supplements containing iron are now the leading
cause of poisoning in children under six.  In an eight year study,
the CPSC cited 115,000 cases in which thirty three children died. 
Fatal doses can occur from as few as four adult strength capsules. 
While consumer groups have called for warning labels, the FDA and
manufacturers are still in debate on how and where to label
bottles. [ Crohn's and colitis patients who take prescribed and
over the counter iron supplements should heed this warning. ]

BOSTON, MASS: Researchers at Harvard in conjunction with Helsinki
University compared worldwide fertility rates with milk consumption
and reported a direct link between milk consumption and lowered
fertility.  The culprit may be galactose, one of the two sugars
found in milk.  Rodents fed galactose stop ovulating and their
female offspring are born with fewer egg cells.  The study goes on
to say that women who enter menopause early also show intolerance
to galactose.  Additional studies on the effect of undigested
galactose on the upper colon are still pending.

WASHINGTON. D.C.: After much back pedaling and revision, the EPA
has begun release of a 2,000 page report on the effects of low
level exposure to Dioxin.  The report assessed the research of more
than 100 independent scientists and concludes that very low levels
of dioxin suppress the human immune system.  The report also claims
that a significant number of the population have already been
exposed to clinically dangerous levels of Dioxin.  According to the
EPA, 90 percent [90%!!!!!] of human exposure occurs through the
diet, with food from animal products being the predominant source. 
The report lists meat and dairy products as the source of 75% of
the total Dioxin exposure.  According to scientists at the State
University of New York at Binghamton, nursing babies and patients
with intestinal disorders are at the highest risk.  The draft
report is so controversial that EPA staff has refused to comment
publically. [ We wonder aloud about recent claims that Crohn's may
be an immune system disorder.]

NEW YORK CITY: Doctors treating Michael Jackson's recent health
crisis report that the popular singer was suffering from "severe
gastritis and dehydration".  A doctor, translating for the media,
said that Jackson was suffering from chronic diarrhea, possibly
self induced by nonprescription medication.  A clinician at Mt.
Sinai Medical Center commented that the use of "anticonstipation"
remedies to induce and maintain radical weight loss is rapidly
replacing bulimia as the next "jet set" ailment. [ Imagine a
support group for people who actually wish that they had colitis.]

KALMATH FALLS, ORE: The largest supplier of blue green algae, a
supplement that has been touted as a treatment for many aliments
including inflammatory bowel disease, is embroiled in a dispute
over product safety.  Cell Tech algae supplements have been
implicated in several injury suits that claim the presence of liver
toxins in the algae.  Cell Tech has claimed that it subjects its
product to rigorous testing and says its product is "completely
nontoxic". J. Curt Sager Ph.D., an expert on aquatic ecology, said
"I would still be suspicious of the product."  It seems the waters
of Lake Kalmath contain high levels of pesticide and agricultural
runoff that may stimulate the algae to produce the difficult to
detect liver toxins. 

FRANKLIN, KY: In 1994 Governor Brerenton Jones ordered a task force
to study hemp [that's marijuana for the non politically correct] as
an alternative income source for the state's tobacco farmers who
have been hit hard by anti-smoking campaigns.  The task force
wanted to look at industrial uses of hemp in products such as
paper, cloth, fuel, building materials, health supplements, and
food products.  After a year of diligent study, the task force
recently concluded that while there is a world wide demand for
"fiber and fibrous materials", since the cultivation of hemp is
"illegal" it makes further study "irrelevant." [ It seemed like a
great way to get our daily fiber, though.]

AND FINALLY, SOMETHING COMPLETELY IRRELEVANT...

     In North Carolina last July, a containment pond burst sending
30 million gallons of swine waste smashing through woods and fields
and eventually sending a fifteen mile long plume of brown slime
into the Atlantic. Two weeks later a similar swine disaster killed
thousands of fish on an Iowa river noted [formerly] as a pristine
recreation area.  Not to be outdone, Princeton, Missouri checked
off three similar swine waste fish kills in one week.
  
     AND ...
 
     Hormel Foods, the makers of Spam sued Jim Henson Productions
over a muppet character named "Spa'am" who portrays a "noxious and
grotesque wild boar" to the detriment of the Spam product.  A
Muppet spokesperson said that they were sorry that Hormel did not
share the Muppet sense of humor.  In related news, The United
States Department of Agriculture reported that retail sales of
canned meats such as Spam had reached a five year low.  [ No
wonder, the stuff tastes like a muppet...]

[If you find any noteworthy news or newsworthy notes send us an
email clipping and put NEWS in the subject header.  Be sure to
quote your source and publication date]

+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+
= LETTERS ++ LETTERS ++ LETTERS ++ LETTERS =
+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+|+

[ The email response to The Olde Crohn has been joyously
overwhelming.  Several hundred messages arrive each week which
contain thanks, encouragement, questions, and comments.  Here are
but a few. ]

******************************************
I have just read your article about your daughter.  I was diagnosed
with UC on June 13, 1995, and I have just started looking into the
Net today since I have access at school.  You remind me of my own
mother.  Thanks for your article, it made me both happy and sad.
- CW - Riverside      

******************************************
I read your story, which I found browsing under CROHN's on the
internet.  I have to admit, I know nothing about Crohn's, had never
heard of it till this past weekend.  I found out my boyfriend has
Crohn's and had a portion of his intestines removed as a five year
old child...  I truly do not understand what this disease is, if it
can be life-threatening or why he would be concerned that I know.
I was browsing the internet looking for knowledge, but nothing
seems to tell me exactly what the disease is, and what problems go
along with it...could you leave me email and just give me some
knowledge.  I am so glad that your child's life has improved so
much, and appreciate your taking the time to read this.
- DM

[ Dear DM.
   Thank you so much for responding to my article.  It was so
difficult and embarrassing to write, but thanks to the many
positive replies, I feel that it was worthwhile.
   As far as your boyfriend is concerned.  Tell him that you know,
tell him that you want to stand and support his quest for good
health.  But most of all, tell him that you love him.  Love is the
main ingredient in all cures and is the foundation of any
relationship.  Tell him.
Sincerely... Dayl]

******************************************
I still do not believe I have Crohn's. They took 9 inches of
terminal ileum and caecum now I take a gram of Pentasa (Mesalamine)
every 8 hrs. Thanks for your WEB page! I'm new to the net, how do
I FTP this great stuff you publish? 
--John.

******************************************
  I've just seen volume 2 (October 95) of The Olde Crohn and have
to tell you I'm very impressed. You have all done an excellent job.
The content is balanced and informative, and the appearance is
attractive without being distractive or obtrusive. With your
permission, I will add a link to TOC from my web server (at 
"http://qurlyjoe.bu.edu/cduchome.html") I look forward to your next
issue.
-- Bill 

[Permission granted.  We hope that our readers will record your URL
and consider it another valuable resource in the quest for good
health]

******************************************
I think it's great that you publish this journal over the internet. 
I enjoyed looking through it and hope it continues.  I am a college
student with crohn's disease and am just now tapering prednisone
from a recent flare up.  I was trying to find a list of side
effects of prednisone and the length of time before they reside. 
If you have any information on this I would love to know.  Thanks.
--M.A.

[Hold on until the February issue when the Pharmacy News column
debuts.  The first edition will be about our favorite wonder drug.]

******************************************
All I can say is wow, I had no idea this existed.  I am currently 
suffering from Crohns Disease for 11 years, I was diagnosed when I
was nine years old.  Information and real accounts of actual people
who have this disease, makes me feel that I am not alone.  Thank
you very much and please continue your great work!
--M.C. University of Oklahoma

******************************************
My name is Fabrice, I am 16 years old and I am new in this 
"electronic-internet-world". Excuse the bad English I have. I come
from Luxembourg (Europe). I am a student. Since my first 4 years,
in the kindergarten, I always had much pain and cramps in my
stomach. My parents and the doctors didn't really know what was 
going on, so after a wrong care of my disease in our country, I
went to the University Hospital in Nancy (France). There I had a
cortisone treatment for over 10 years. But it helped me very much,
of course didn't grow very fast because of this treatment.
Two years ago I had a surgical intervention on my intestines, there
were 3 passages nearly closed. I had much pain in that time. I was
in hospital for 2 months, so I missed school. But at least I had so
much courage that I finished the school year without problems. Now
I still have a treatment at PENTASA (mesalacine), and in spite of
a little pain sometimes I feel better now.
-- Fabrice 

*****************************************
Thank you for your report on digestion.  It came at a very crucial
time for me.  I've been to six doctors regarding rashes on my face
for over a year.  It took research on my part and your article to
help me locate the possible source of my problem - lack of good
flora and enzymes in my whole system.  I wish I could read your
report on enzymes and enzyme therapy because I am in dire need of
guidance.  I'm taking some enzymes and various good bacteria
(although I don't know if I'm taking the right ones or if I still
need some enzymes and flora that are not being distributed at the
health food stores.)  I seem to have the greatest problems with
fats, any kind of fats; my face breaks out in itchy rashes 
within the half hour.  If what you said is true about the pancreas
( that it is in charge of producing enzymes) then I feel I'm in
trouble. How can I help my pancreas produce the enzymes?  That is
my main question and I hope you can answer soon, if at all.  I
would so much appreciate it.  Not one doctor thought to check on my
digestion; instead they gave me antibiotics and prednisone for 8
weeks to bring the swelling and rashes down.  That only destroyed
what little good stuff I had so I need help, thank you.

Again, I want to say thanks for the publication.     

MM

[Diet and enzyme supplements are not accepted as therapy from
mainstream medicine.  It is hard to find a doctor who will be
supportive, but they are certainly out there.  If we have any
editorial bias, it is toward diet as part of a complete treatment
plan.  But don't go out and start buying every supplement on the
market.  Read, research, study, test and experiment until you find
what works for you.  Then apply your results with extreme
discipline.  Our wishes for your continued good health.]

******************************************
I have digestion problems which manifest as itchy, red rashes on my
face and a hot mouth.  I'm trying ayurveda and am semi-successful. 
Right now I'm reading Fit for Life by Harvey and Marylin Diamond
which is about food balancing (not eating proteins with fruits and
starches, etc.) What do you know about food balancing in this
manner and its beneficial effects on digestion?  I hope you have
time to answer.  
-- Mary

[Thanks for your message.  Fit for Life has a great program for 
general health. It makes sense that fresh fruit, which is primarily
fructose (a simple sugar) that doesn't require much in the way of
digestion, moves through your digestive tract faster than other
foods. Also if it is fresh raw fruit, the natural enzymes in it
will increase transit time as well.  All fresh raw food and
predigested food moves through quicker than cooked food because of
the enzymes. And because fruit is high in water content it helps to
rehydrate the body.  

The Diamond's theory of food combining has been controversial and
it open to much debate.  However, the emphasis on raw food fits
well with more recent research on the role of enzymes in
inflammatory bowel disorders. While fruit in the morning does seem
to increase energy levels,  for people with bowel problems fructose
can be a problem.  According to Dr. DeLamar Gibbons in his book
"The Self Help Way to Treat Colitis and Other IBS Conditions"
(Keats Publishing, 1992 - call 800-858-7014 for a catalog) the 
elimination of fructose from the diet has been beneficial for some
of his patients.  He also suggests that carbohydrates are the real
culprit for bowel problems.  This is supported in another book by
Elaine Gottschall "Breaking the Vicious Cycle - Intestinal Health
Through Diet" (Kirkton Press, 1994 - call 519-229-6795 to order). 
She recommends eliminating all carbohydrates for a very good
reason.  In bowel disorders the small intestine has usually
suffered some damage, (for many possible reasons to detailed to go
into here), and is unable to complete the final process required to
finish digesting carbohydrates.  She has reported that once people
have used this diet for a period of time (estimated 1-2 years) they
can return to eating all foods (in moderation of course).  And that
might be a good time to turn to something like the Fit for Life
food combining diet.  Depending on your particular situation it
seems that looking into the diets that have proven effective for
bowel disorders would be the first priority.  Then once you have
regained your intestinal health look for a diet that will help you
maintain it.]  

******************************************
I just read your stirring story on the web and I am responding with
tears in my eyes.  While I don't have a daughter with Crohns, I
have a husband who suffers with it and many of the things you wrote
about hit home.  We have been terrifyingly close to surgery several
times and each time it has abated with alot of hope and prayer.  I
wish for all the world to take away my husbands pain and not have
to have him leave the bed several times during the night to go to
the bathroom in pain or discomfort.  Or that everywhere we go
he has to look for the bathroom just in case.  Or that long trips
are hard on him.  Yes, it can be beaten and turned around.  I just
wish it can be curable one day for all.  Thank you for your words
and the comfort I found.

Reinette (on a friend's computer).

[ And your reply is a comfort and encouragement to us. There are
many people who are symptom free, whether that qualifies as a cure
really doesn't seem to matter.  It does take perseverance and an
iron willed determination to take control of your life and your
health.  We think that the most vital resource is information, and
we will continue to work to provide it so that we can all sleep
through the night again.]

******************************************
What a fine story about your daughter.  I'm very happy that you
have managed to control her Crohn's. My daughter is 31 and is
married with 4 children ages 2 yrs to 13yrs. She developed Crohn's
this summer. It is apparently in her small bowel. She has had lots
of pain and has been on prednisone and another type of med. She
does not know what caused this disease out of the "blue" but I
know that she has had lots of stress and things going on in her
life; these things may have contributed to her disease.  She often
wonders if the doctors are as informed as they say.  It seems that
the specialist and her family doctor don't agree on treatment.  It
must be very confusing and more upsetting; not to know the cause
and having treatments and diets that may or may not work.
     Sometimes my daughter says she feels better not eating certain
things like nuts, seeds, or milk products.  It seems that she has
to find out what is working and what is not.  The prednisone
bothers her. Are there certain sources that you would recommend for
more information on this disease?  
--Carol

[ Your request for more sources is by far the most common of the
hundreds of email letters that we have received.  To that end, we
are developing a resource directory and library of every
information source that we can locate. These databases will be
searchable by keyword and should go into initial operation by mid
January.  They should be fully operational by late February and we
will update them weekly.
      
******************************************
Just a quick note of appreciation for The Olde Crohn and its Web
page. My wife is suffering (nearly a year now) with an as-yet
poorly defined gastrointestinal problem.  Maybe IBS, maybe.... 

Your site is one of the best resources I have found in my Web
hunting!  Please keep up the good work and thanks for putting up
the Web page! How does one find back issues?  Only via ftp or on
the Web as well.  We are especially interested in the one with a
long look at candida.  The anti-candida diet is one of our latest
forays into self-treatment (both of us, since the documentation
suggests the potential to pass candida back and forth between
partners!).

--A.E. University of New Mexico

[ See the last page of any issue for ftp information, and yes,
archive copies are available by ftp through the Olde Crohn Web
site.  Our hope is that your wife is having GI problems over the
Federal budget crisis and that she will be restored to full health
after the November elections when the Muppet Party is voted into
power. ]

******************************************
Well I have just come across your site - having looked at the other
Crohn's site, it is good to have a different way of putting the 
information across. I suffer with Crohns and have done for the last
three years, I have had one operation and since then I have been
well (so far so good). Anyway just a note to say - keep up the good
work. p.s. when does the website get updated - October issue now?
-- T.L. Barton-Le-Clay, Beds, England

[ The answer to when the website gets updated is a two part answer. 
Part One: it is supposed to be updated on the second Monday of
every even-numbered month. Part Two: We will try harder, honest! ]

[ Send us some email and let us know what you think, what you like,
what works for you.  Address your letters to
rmalloy@squeaky.free.org and put EDITOR in the subject header ]

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
---= THE RESEARCH REPORT =---
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

[This is Part Two of a two part series on digestion.  Since those
of us who suffer from inflammatory bowel disease have what is
generally known as a "digestive system disorder", The Olde Crohn
thought it would be a good idea if we all had a basic understanding
of what digestion is all about.  Some of this may be difficult to
get through, but it is important that we acquire that basic
understanding to make informed decisions. Read on and don't give
up. ]

TOWARDS AN UNDERSTANDING OF DIGESTION   #21-3312

PART II: ENZYMES AND LIFE

"...Indeed each of us, as with all living organisms could be
regarded as an orderly integrated succession of enzyme reactions."
-- Scottish Medical Journal, 1966

Enzymes are the alchemists of life.  Enzymes compose a vital,
highly specialized labor force responsible for the orderly
decomposition and synthesis of the key elements of life.  Enzymes
are organic catalysts capable of orchestrating complex biochemical
changes in the substances with which they interact.  Being produced
only by living cells, they are an essential component of life. 
More than five thousand enzymes are known, it is suggested there
are many more at work that are yet to be identified.  The
importance of enzymes in sustaining life and maintaining health
cannot be overstated.  Life does not exist without enzymes.

Functions of Enzymes Within the Body

Within the human body enzymes are required for every biochemical
transaction that takes place.  They are involved in every metabolic
process you can think of, breathing, digesting food, blood
coagulation, maintenance of the immune system, elimination of waste
products, and brain activity.  

All bodily functions are enzyme dependent.  All cellular activity
is initiated by enzymes.  Each and every organ, tissue and cell has
its own battery of enzymes to carry out the specialized work
required to maintain, repair or replace it.

Because the body operates at a temperature and pressure that is too
low for chemical reactions to occur at a rapid enough rate to
sustain life, it is critical that enzymes are present to speed up
the necessary reactions.  Enzymes speed up reactions by properly
ordering and increasing the frequency and rate at which substances
interact.  This is essential in all bodily functions.

Enzymes are continuously involved in thousands of metabolic tasks. 
They are constantly being used and eliminated through digestive
fluids, urine, feces and sweat.  The daily demand on the body to
produce enough enzymes to operate efficiently is voluminous and
unending.

Enzyme Names and Classifications

In most cases the name of an enzyme will reveal something about its
work because they are named by adding the suffix "-ase" to the root
of the substance acted upon or the type of action catalyzed. 
(Enzymes such as trypsin and pepsin are exceptions having been
named before the National Enzyme Commission enacted the current
system of naming enzymes.)  In addition, enzymes are grouped
according to where the enzyme originates, where the enzyme activity
takes place, and according to function.   

For example, lipase enzymes hydrolyze lipids, or fats; protease or
proteolytic enzymes hydrolyze proteins; amylase splits apart starch
molecules; disaccharases hydrolyze double sugars while cellulase
catalyzes the cellulose in plants.  

Exogenous enzymes come from outside the body, from raw food that we
eat or from supplements.  Endogenous enzymes come from within the
body, synthesized by the cells of tissues and organs of the body. 

Intracellular refers to enzyme action within the cells that
produced the enzyme.  Most of the metabolic enzyme activity that
occurs within the body takes place within cells.  All the
biochemical reactions involving energy release or synthetic
activities occur within cells and are catalyzed by enzymes
synthesized by those cells.  Extracellular enzymes produce their
effects outside of the cells that produce them.  Digestive enzymes
act within the lumen of the alimentary canal and in the
bloodstream, outside of the cells which produced them and therefore
are extracellular.  Biochemical reactions occurring in blood, lymph
and the fluid between cells are also considered extracellular.

Groupings of enzymes based on the type of action catalyzed include
ligases, isomerases, lyases, transferases, oxidoreductases, and
hydrolyses.  We concentrate primarily on hydrolytic enzymes in this
report.   Hydrolysis is biochemical decomposition in which
molecules are split apart by the addition of and the taking up of
the elements of water.  Digestion is accomplished through
hydrolysis, the addition of water to ingested food, therefore
digestive enzymes are hydrolyses.

Metabolic enzymes are responsible for the function of all body
biochemistry and are involved in maintaining health and
facilitating healing in all bodily systems.  Antioxidant enzymes
are a type of metabolic enzyme that breaks down waste materials
from metabolic processes into harmless molecules that are easily
excreted from the body. They work in the bloodstream detoxifying
blood by breaking down free radicals.

Digestive enzymes, a type of metabolic enzyme, are primarily
responsible for digestive processes and the assimilation of food in
the alimentary canal and are produced by the body.  Food enzymes
occur in raw foods and are exogenous.  They aid our bodies in the
digestion process by predigesting food.  When present in
substantial quantities, they are also absorbed through the wall of
the small intestine and work as metabolic enzymes.  Supplemental
enzymes derived from plants are called plant enzymes and those
derived from animals are called pancreatic enzymes.   

This report deals primarily with digestive, food and supplemental
enzymes, and their role in digestion.

Characteristics of Enzymes

It is helpful to be aware that enzymes possess the following
characteristics:

1.  They are organic, being produced only by living cells.

2.  They are catalysts.  A catalyst is a substance which is capable 
    of greatly increasing the speed of a chemical reaction when the 
    substrate (the substance being acted upon) is in solution.

3.  They are soluble, being extracted from animal or plant sources 
    by different solvents, such as water, salt solutions or       
    glycerol.

4.  They are precipitated (separated from solution) by alcohol or 
    metallic salts, such as copper sulfate or mercuric chloride, in 
    this way they are similar to proteins.

5.  They behave as colloids and do not diffuse through            
    semipermeable membranes.

6.  They are responsive to temperature changes.  Each enzyme has an 
    optimum temperature of activity for its greatest efficiency.  
    The optimum temperature for peak enzyme activity is around that 
    of body temperature, (92-104 degrees Fahrenheit).  Enzymes are 
    inactivated, but not destroyed by freezing.  They do more work 
    at slightly warmer temperatures than they do at cooler        
    temperatures.  Most, if not all enzymes, are destroyed by     
    excessive heat (129 degrees Fahrenheit).  

7.  They are sensitive to changes in pH levels (hydrogen ion      
    concentration) of the medium in which they act.  Each enzyme  
    produces its effects only within a limited pH range, there    
    being an optimum degree of acidity or alkalinity.  Some act   
    only in acid solutions (pH 1-6) others only in an alkaline    
    medium (pH 8-14), most in neutral solutions around pH 7.
    The pH range of the human gastrointestinal tract is pH 1.5-9, 
    while outside the GI tract, the range for the human body is 
    pH 3-9.

8.  They are specific in their action.  Each enzyme will act only 
    on one certain substance (absolutely specific) others act on a 
    group of chemically closely related substances (relatively    
    specific).

9.  They are capable of reversing the reactions they cause.  An   
    enzyme that acts to breakdown a substance generally can reverse 
    the process and resynthesize the original substance from its  
   component parts.

Composition of Enzymes

All enzymes are proteins and consist of a protein molecule
(apoenzyme) combined with a nonprotein, that carry what has been
called a "biochemical energy factor".  Dr. Edward Howell in his
book Enzyme Nutrition, suggests that enzymes are endowed by the
organism that synthesizes them with a "vital activity factor" and
are more than just inert chemical catalysts.  He compares them to
a "car battery charged with electricity".  Dr. Humbart Santillo in
his book, Food Enzymes, compares the protein molecule to a light
bulb and the enzyme energy factor to an electric current.  "Let us
agree that a protein molecule is a carrier of the enzyme activity,
much like the light bulb is the carrier for an electrical current."

A zymogen is the precursor (something that comes before) of an
enzyme.  Some enzymes require the presence of additional substances
in order to make them active.  Nonspecific substances which
activate enzymes are called activators.  Specific substances which
act selectively with only certain enzymes are called coenzymes.  
 
Coenzymes are organic molecules, often vitamin derivatives, that
become bound to the enzyme during the transaction and activate the
enzyme.  The coenzyme combined with the protein portion (apoenzyme)
of the enzyme forms a complete activated enzyme (holoenzyme)
through the combining process.  An important function of vitamins
and minerals is their role as coenzymes in various enzyme
reactions.  All the B vitamins, (with the exception of choline),
calcium, phosphorus and chloride are coenzymes.  Other coenzymes
are metallic ions, such as copper, iron, zinc, cobalt or magnesium.
  
Enzyme Action

Enzymes perform very specific tasks, possessing a specific shape
and a specific configuration for that particular task.  The theory
of enzyme action suggests that the substrate, the substance being
acted upon, and the protein component of the enzyme attach
themselves to one another forming a specific enzyme substrate
complex in order that a certain reaction (for example hydrolysis in
digestion) may take place.  Only a part of the protein portion of
the enzyme is engaged in the catalytic activity.  It is believed
that the enzyme molecule has a specific "active site" configuration
at the place where the substrate attaches, and that the substrate
has a complementary configuration that fits into the active site. 
This has been compared to a lock and a key.  This concept explains
the specifity of enzymes, the active site of the enzyme accepting
only those substrates configured to fit into it.

Enzyme Inhibition

Enzyme activity can be retarded or inhibited in a number of ways: 
low temperatures, presence of salts of heavy metals such as copper
and mercury, dehydration, ultraviolet radiation, unfavorable
changes in pH levels, and compounds that compete or bind with the
substrate for the active site on the enzyme molecule.  All can
block enzymes from interacting with a substrate.  Some drugs, such
as penicillin, produce their effects by inhibiting enzyme and
coenzyme reactions.     

Raw seeds, nuts, beans and grains are naturally endowed with a rich
supply of enzymes as well as enzyme inhibitors.  Because enzymes
are quick and efficient in doing their work once activated, nature
keeps them locked up and prevents them from acting until the seed
finds a suitable site for growing.  Once the seed falls to the
ground into the proper growing medium, enzyme inhibitors are
inactivated by the absorption of moisture from rain.

Most raw seeds, nuts, beans or nuts are known to be hard to digest
and can cause bloating and other gastrointestinal problems.  When
raw seeds, nuts, beans and grains are cooked or heated the enzyme
inhibitors are deactivated but so are the enzymes that would
naturally help to digest them.  The way to reduce the
gastrointestinal side effects from eating foods rich in enzyme
inhibitors and to get the maximum benefit from the proteins and
fats stored in these foods is to soak and/or sprout them before
eating.  In experimental studies within 24 hours of soaking tree
nuts in water the natural enzymes were able to deactivate all the
enzyme inhibitors.  Some of the foods that are high in enzyme
inhibitors are corn, wheat, rye, barley, oats, sunflower seeds,
peanuts, soybeans, tree nuts, sweet potatoes, potatoes and beans.

The Role of Enzymes in Digestion

Metabolic enzymes in every cell, tissue and organ of the body use
the nutritional building blocks derived from digestion to repair
damage and decay; to fight and overcome disease; to heal wounds and
maintain overall health and well being.  Digestive enzymes do the
all important work of breaking down food into the nutritional
component parts required to build and maintain health.   

Foods are for the most part composed of proteins, fats, and
carbohydrates (starches and sugars). These foods are digested in
stages being broken down along the way by the approximately twenty
two different digestive enzymes made by the body.  Protease
(proteolytic enzymes) breakdown proteins into peptones and amino
acids.  Lipases (lipolytic) breakdown fats to fatty acids and
glycerol.  Amylases (amlolytic) breakdown starches to double
sugars, maltose and isomaltose (disaccharides).  Disaccharases
breakdown the double sugars, sucrose, lactose, maltose and
isomaltose, to the simple sugars (monosaccharides), galactose,
glucose and fructose (levulose).  

Cellulase digests the plant fiber cellulose into glucose. 
Cellulase is not an endogenous digestive enzyme, because our bodies
do not produce it.  Cellulase is a food enzyme.  It is important
for health and we must get it from outside sources of raw plants on
a daily basis.  We must chew foods that contain cellulase well in
order to release it.

The two most potent digestive enzymes are amylase and protease. 
Saliva supplies an ample supply of amylase, while gastric juice
contains a high concentration of protease.  The pancreas secretes
digestive juice that contains both amylase and protease in high
concentration along with lipase and maltase.  Lipase and maltase
are present in a weaker concentration than amylase and protease in
pancreatic juice.

The final stage of carbohydrate digestion is accomplished by the
enzymes produced by the cells lining the small intestine: maltase,
sucrase and lactase.  These enzymes are responsible for splitting
double sugars into simple single sugars that can readily be
absorbed through the walls of the intestine and assimilated into
the bloodstream.

Food Enzymes

Raw food is packaged with an abundance of all the right enzymes in
the right proportions required to digest it.  Raw foods contain an
abundance of food enzymes which correspond to the nutritional
highlights of that item.  For example, dairy foods, oils, seeds and
nuts, which are high in fat content, also contain high
concentrations of lipase. Carbohydrates, such as grains, contain
high concentrations of amylase and lesser quantities of lipase and
protease.  Meats are high in protease with some lipase. Fruits and
vegetables contain amylase and high amounts of cellulase in order
to breakdown plant fibers.  All raw food has the correct and
balanced amounts of food enzymes required for human digestion. 
Nature has provided these enzymes within the food in order to aid
and ensure complete decomposition whether it is through human
consumption or natural decay.
 
In a banana for example, the carbohydrate in a green banana is in
the form of starch.  This starch is converted, in the process of
ripening at room temperature, by the amylase present in the banana. 
The amylase in banana works well on banana but not as well on other
starches.  The amylase converts the starch into sugar, this sugar
is in the form of glucose, a monosaccharide.  Glucose needs no
further digestion and is easily assimilated by the body. This is
called predigestion.  When food enzymes have done their job, less
digestive enzymes are needed in the digestion process and therefore
more enzymes are available for metabolic processes. 

The fermentation of milk into yogurt is another example of
predigestion.  Because yogurt is a predigested food it is easier to
digest than milk.  Two important things have changed in predigested
foods.  The food is broken down into simpler components and the
enzyme content generally increases significantly, both of which
require less production of endogenous enzymes and require less work
for the body to digest.   Therefore conserving enzymes produced by
the body.

Food enzymes bind with specific coenzymes in order to activate
them.  The coenzyme for protease is calcium, lipase requires
chloride and amylase and cellulase bind with phosphorus.  These
coenzymes must be present in order for these food enzymes to be
activated.  Nature generally provides the correct and balanced
proportion in order to ensure complete digestion.

Predigestion and the Food-Enzyme Stomach

Nature has provided ideal conditions in the food-enzyme stomach for
food enzymes from raw food to do the work of predigestion.  The
food-enzyme stomach is where the enzymes found naturally in the
food ingested, salivary enzymes and/or enzyme supplements taken
with food begin to digest carbohydrates, proteins and fats.   

Animals that eat raw foods do not have enzymes in their saliva, nor
do they secrete enzymes in their food-enzyme stomachs.  Most wild
animal diets are composed of raw foods, while the human diet is
primarily composed of cooked foods.  Remember that enzymes are
extremely fragile and are easily destroyed by light, pressure and
by heat: cooking, baking, boiling, roasting, frying, food
processing procedures, microwaving, irradiation, canning, and
pasteurization all destroy enzymes.

In primates and humans the stomach has two parts with separate and
different physiological functions. The first part, the
cardiac/fundic stomach, acts as the food-enzyme stomach.  This
upper part of the stomach is open and has few cells that produce
enzymes or acid and the muscles maintain a steady tonic contraction
showing little to no peristaltic action.  Food remains in this
portion of the stomach for almost an hour.  During this time the
ingested food is not agitated or mixed with acid.  This allows
ptyalin (salivary amylase, active at pH 4.5-8) food enzymes 
(active at pH 3-8.5) and supplementary (plant) enzymes (active at
pH 3-8.5) plenty of time to predigest carbohydrates, proteins and
fats before they move into the lower pyloric stomach region.  

The cardiac food-enzyme stomach is slightly acidic (pH 3-6) and
even if pepsinogen (gastric protease) is secreted here, the pH
level is too high to activate pepsin (active at 1.6-2.4).  Until a
sufficient amount of hydrochloric acid is released and lowers the
pH level, no peptic digestion can take place.  It generally takes
up to an hour for enough hydrochloric acid to be released to cause
the stomach pH to be acidic enough.  When only cooked food is
ingested, the only active digestive enzyme in the food-enzyme
stomach is salivary amylase, which acts only on carbohydrates. If
exogenous (food or supplemental) enzymes are present during this
first phase of digestion, an estimated 60-80% of carbohydrates, 30-
40% of proteins, as well 10-20% of fats can pass into the pyloric
region of the stomach "predigested".  Proteins and fats of cooked
and processed foods contain no enzymes to predigest them, unless
supplemental enzymes are taken, and they pass into the pyloric
region of the stomach essentially unchanged.  Leaving almost 100%
of the digestive task to the digestive enzymes produced by the
human body.  The pancreas is left with the heavy burden of
producing all the enzymes to complete digestion. 

The lower pyloric part of the stomach is known to be constricted
and flat when empty, filling only after the cardiac portion of the
stomach overflows.  It is here in the pyloric stomach where
pepsinogen, the precursor of pepsin is secreted from gastric
glands.  And when enough time has passed for the pH level to be
lowered by the secretion of hydrochloric acid, pepsin (gastric
protease) is activated.  All food, salivary and supplemental
enzymes which require an alkaline medium are inactivated by the
acidic pH of the gastric juices.  Most of these enzymes will be
reactivated when they reach the duodenum.  If pH levels are once
again elevated (pH 3-8.5) by sufficient secretion of intestinal and
pancreatic digestive juices these enzymes go to work once again.

Increased peristaltic action then mixes the ingested food with acid
and enzymes.  Protein is hydrolyzed in successive stages into
metaproteins, proteoses and peptones.  Pepsin also acts to dissolve
collagen and disintegrate nucleoproteins.  Gastric lipase is
present only in trace amounts and acts only on finely emulsified
fats.  Fats and carbohydrates are emulsified at this stage.

Through muscular and enzymatic action the food in the stomach is
reduced to an acidic semiliquid called chyme.  All food substances
are in solution or in an emulsified state at the end of this stage
of digestion.

Digestion in the Small Intestine 

In this next stage of digestion the duodenum continues the process
of digestion.  It is a crucial section of the intestine since in it
occurs the mixing of the acid chyme from the stomach, the bile from
the liver and gallbladder, the pancreatic juice and the intestinal
juices secreted by the glands of Brunner and intestinal glands (the
crypts of Lieberkuhn).

When the acid chyme enters the duodenum, the mucosa of the duodenum
secrete hormones which cause the gallbladder to contract and bile
to be secreted.  Two other intestinal mucosa hormones, secretin and
pancreozymin, stimulate the secretion of pancreatic juice.  Within
the intestine, pancreatic juice acts on all classes of foods.  In
conjunction with bile, its alkaline nature counteracts the acidity
of the chyme from the stomach.  The intestinal mucosa also secrete
hormones that stimulate the intestinal glands and the glands of
Brunner to secrete intestinal juice.  In this way acid chyme is
made alkaline by the introduction of and mixing with this
combination of highly alkaline digestive juices.  Many salivary,
food or supplemental enzymes deactivated by the acidic pH in the
stomach are reactivated by the alkaline pH now present in the
duodenum.

Bile

Bile contains bile salts, bile pigments, cholesterol and lecithin.
Bile reduces the acidity of chyme in the duodenum, it emulsifies
fats, ensuring more complete digestion and absorption, increases
the solubility of fatty acids thus aiding in their absorption and
utilization.  It also serves as a vehicle for excretion of waste
substances, lessens fermentation and putrefaction in the intestine
by aiding in more complete utilization of proteins and
carbohydrates and favors the absorption of fat-soluble vitamins
(A,D,E,K) and stimulates intestinal motility.

The principal bile salts are sodium salts of glycocholic and
taurocholic acids.  Bile salts are alkaline and have the property
of lowering the surface tension of water to a marked degree.  This
enables them to emulsify fats, that is to break the larger fat
particles into smaller particles and split the glycerol away from
the fatty acid molecules.  This permits more effective access of
pancreatic lipase (steapsin) to the surface of fats and results in
a more complete hydrolysis of fats and oils.  Bile salts are also
capable of forming compounds with fatty acids which facilitate
their absorption.

Interference with the flow of bile may cause the formation of
gallstones or jaundice, which results in unabsorbed fats being
found in the feces.

Endogenous Pancreatic Enzymes 

The exocrine secretion of the pancreas is an alkaline fluid (pH
7.8-8.7) resembling saliva in consistency.  Two types of secretion
are produced.  One, initiated by the intestinal hormone secretin,
has a high sodium bicarbonate content but is poor in enzymes.  The
other, is scanty in amount but rich in enzymes.  The principal
constituents of pancreatic juice are water, protein, inorganic
salts, and enzymes.  

Trypsinogen, secreted by the pancreas, is the precursor of trypsin
and is converted to trypsin in the intestine by the action of an
intestinal enzyme enterokinase.  Trypsin, in turn, converts
chymotrypsinogen to chymotrypsin.  These enzymes are proteases and
act on proteins or partially digested proteins, hydrolyzing them to
proteoses, peptones, polypeptides, peptides, and finally amino
acids.  Amino acids are the final products of protein digestion.

Pancreatic amylase, more concentrated and powerful than ptyalin,
continues the digestion of starches that was initiated in the
mouth, and that may have continued in the food-enzyme stomach by
exogenous enzymes.  The starches are hydrolyzed to dextrins, which
are hydrolyzed to maltose.  Amylopsin, a pancreatic maltase,
hydrolyses maltose to glucose, a simple sugar.  Simple sugars,
glucose, galactose and fructose (levulose) are the final products
of carbohydrate digestion.

Steapsin is the pancreatic enzyme involved in the digestion of
fats.  It acts on fats that have been emulsified by bile salts,
hydrolyzing them to diglycerides, monoglycerides, fatty acids and
glycerol.  Fatty acids and glycerol are the final products of fat
digestion.

If there is no cellulase present because the enzyme has been
destroyed by heat, then cellulose (plant fiber) passes through the
intestine undigested.  If there is cellulase present it would be
reactivated by the alkaline pH of bile, pancreatic and intestinal
juices.

Pancreatic ribonuclease is the pancreatic enzyme that acts on
nucleic acids (RNA and DNA) converting them to nucleotides.

Intestinal Enzymes

Intestinal juice, secreted by the intestinal glands, is alkaline
(pH 7.0-8.5).  It has a high concentration of sodium bicarbonate
and consists of water, salts enzymes and mucus.  Intestinal enzymes
present in the intestinal juice are not secreted by the intestinal
glands but are produced in mucosal cells.  These cells migrate
along the sides of the villi and are discharged at their tips. 
When these cells disintegrate, enzymes are released into the lumen
of the intestine.  Intestinal enzymes have also been identified in
the brush borders of intestinal absorptive cells and some of their
catalytic activity may occur within the cell itself.  The membranes
of the cells lining the intestine are believed to actively
participate in the last stage of carbohydrate digestion as well as
aid in the absorption of nutrients into the bloodstream.  
   
Intestinal enzymes include enterokinase which activates 
trypsinogen, the precursor of trypsin.  The peptide splitting
enzymes aminopeptidase, and dipeptidase, which complete the final
stages of hydrolysis of proteins to amino acids are also found in
intestinal juice.  Small amounts of a number of enzymes that
include a weak lipase, an amylase, and nucleases are among the many
enzymes produced by the intestine.  Though most important seem to
be the inverting enzymes, (invertases), sucrase, lactase and
maltase which are responsible for the last stage of carbohydrate
digestion.  These enzymes hydrolyze disaccharides, double sugars,
such as sucrose, lactose and maltose to monosaccharides, the simple
sugars, glucose, fructose and galactose.  These are the enzymes
that are released through the disintegration of the intestinal
mucosa cells.

Hydrolytic processes continue throughout the small intestine until
they are completed.  The most important, absorption of the products
of digestion, occurs in the small intestine, especially the
jejunum.  The jejunum is most important in absorbing water,
minerals and nutrients.  The ileum is the site of absorption of
vitamin B-12 and bile salts.  The final products of digestion pass
through the intestinal wall into either blood or lymph. 

Providing everything has gone according to plan,  1) there are no
anatomical dysfunctions; 2) all pH levels are accurate for each
enzyme to be activated; 3) all enzymes and coenzymes are present
and in the proper quantities and proportions; and 4) there are no
enzyme inhibitors preventing reactions from taking place; by the
time chyme has reached the large intestine all the digestible
materials have been acted on by enzymes and reduced to their
useable end products.  The end products of digestion, amino acids,
fatty acids, glycerol and simple sugars have been absorbed into the
blood and lymph through the intestinal wall of the jejunum and the
ileum.  The remaining chyme, consisting of any undigested material
and water then enters the colon through the ileocecal valve.  

No digestive enzymes are secreted in the colon, but an alkaline
medium and bacteria aid in the completion of digestion.  Some minor
absorption of nutrients and products of bacterial action takes
place in the colon.  There are a myriad of bacteria present in the
colon with which we have great interdependence and which aid in the
digestive process.  Colon bacteria secrete some of their own
enzymes and digest nonabsorbed glycoproteins and carbohydrates such
as cellulose.  The gases hydrogen, carbon dioxide and methane along
with volatile fatty acids are the by-products of the bacterial
digestive process.  As much as a liter of water is reabsorbed by
the colon, thus conserving bodily fluids used in the digestive
process.

Enzymes and the Immune System

The digestive system and the immune system are interdependent in
their tasks as the body's defender against disease.  Impaired
digestion can easily lead to an overwhelmed immune system.  

There is evidence that enzymes, as well as the nutritional end
products of digestion, are absorbed through the intestinal wall
into the blood and lymph.  When present in adequate amounts
digestive and food enzymes are absorbed by the body and used by the
immune system to maintain health and prevent disease.  Once in the
blood, enzymes are used to support the immune system and the body's
other metabolic processes.  

White blood cells transport and use amylase, protease and lipase to
help them defeat foreign substances found in the bloodstream. 
White blood cells destroy bacterial toxins, bacteria and antigens
(foreign substances which induce the formation of antibodies,
responsible for the formation of an immune complex) by surrounding
circulating immune complexes (CIC) and digesting them.  They digest
them by secreting enzymes that convert them to harmless component
parts that are easily eliminated by the body.  

CIC's can accumulate in the lymph, and eventually increase in
concentration and overwhelm the blood.  When this happens they
precipitate into tissues of the body and interfere with optimal
function and often inflammation sets in.  Supplemental enzymes will
help prevent and relieve inflammation. 

Protease digests other organisms composed of protein.  Antigens,
CIC's, bacteria, yeasts, and parasites are all proteins.  Protease
cleanses the blood of toxic bacterial waste material.  Protease
aids in reducing inflammation, swelling, and fevers.  By increasing
protein digestion protease has an acidifying effect on the blood
and increases blood protein helping to prevent low blood sugar.

Amylase also digests dead white blood cells found at the sight of
infection or abscess.  Amylase is used in combination with lipase
to digest viruses including all types of herpes, help heal skin
eruptions such as hives, eczema and psoriasis, and control the
effects of bee and insect stings.   

Lipase digests viruses which are composed of cells surrounded by
fat.  Lipase will digest the cell wall of the virus leaving it
vulnerable to further metabolic breakdown.

The body uses a large quantity of protease to digest and eliminate
CIC's in the blood.  But all types of enzymes are needed to keep
the alimentary canal, the blood, lymph and other tissues free of
invasion and infection.  Enzymes work in the digestive tract, as
well as, in the blood and lymph with the immune system as the
body's first line of defense against disease.

Antioxidant Enzymes

Antioxidant enzymes appear to regulate the immune system.  They 
function in the blood looking for dead, inert waste material.  They
act as scavengers, cleaning up left over material from all
metabolic reactions.  

According to Dr. John Rothschild, supplemental antioxidant enzymes
are precursors of endogenous antioxidant enzymes.  Once ingested
they stimulate the production and activity of internally produced
antibiotic enzymes.  Antioxidant enzymes include Superoxidase
Dismutase (SOD), Catalase (CAT), Glutathione Peroxidase (GP) and
Methionine Reductase (MET)

SOD/CAT is a powerful enzyme complex that acts as a super scavenger
of free radicals by finding and converting them to their harmless
component parts.  SOD and CAT work together.  SOD converts
superoxide anion to hydrogen peroxide which CAT then converts to
water.  They are most efficient in eliminating toxins which are
often responsible for draining the body of energy and strength.   
 
Studies at Johns Hopkins University show that SOD eliminates or
greatly reduces tissue damage in the heart, kidneys, intestines,
pancreas and skin.  This is because the enzymatic activity of SOD
greatly increases the efficiency of energy production within the
cells of organ tissues allowing them to nourish and repair
themselves at a more efficient and effective rate.  

Glutathione Peroxidase is the antioxidant enzyme form of selenium.
GP works with vitamin E and vitamin B2 in defending the body
against lipid peroxides, more commonly known as rancid fats.  GP
also helps protect collagen.  Lipid peroxides may be involved in
liver disease, skin cancer, eczema, psoriasis, cataracts, and
collagen or connective tissue disorders.  

Methionine Reductase is involved with removal of the hydroxyl
radical.  Hydroxyl radicals are formed from water molecules exposed
to chemical toxins such as air pollution, insecticides and heavy
metals like mercury and lead. 

Antioxidant enzymes also break apart immune complexes formed from
antibodies and antigens which are always present during
inflammatory reaction of autoimmune and autoaggression diseases. 
Crohn's disease, rheumatoid arthritis, colitis ulcerosa, 
systemic-lupus, kidney/bladder disease have all been described as
autoaggression diseases.  

Enzyme Deficiency

Some people are born with a genetic enzyme deficiency, and as we
age, the enzymes produced by the body decrease in quantity and
activity levels.  According to Dr. Howell, "it can be accepted as
a working rule that the enzyme potential is limited and withers as
time marches on."  Professor Dr. Heinrich Wrba, a famous Autrian
cancer researcher (University of Vienna) states that the process of
decreased levels of enzyme production and enzyme activity begins
about thirty years of age.  Therefore, enzymes in supplement form
are essential.  Research shows that enzymes should be part of our
daily supplementation, especially for those over thirty.

Without sufficient digestive enzymes not all food will be
thoroughly digested, these partially digested food particles pass
on into the large intestine where they ferment or putrefy providing
a feast for bacteria who produce toxic waste.  Colon toxicity is a
direct result of incomplete digestion.  Signs of toxicity are gas,
bloating, gastritis, heartburn, constipation, chronic diarrhea,
colitis, candida overgrowth, weight loss, fevers, allergies,
arthritis, and sinusitis.  The colon will try to rid itself of
partially digested food molecules and toxic waste by dumping it
into the bloodstream, putting added stress on the immune system,
liver, spleen and kidneys.  Undigested carbohydrates, fats and
proteins that are absorbed into the bloodstream can cause toxic
reactions.  And if blood enzyme levels are low these undigested
food particles can cause allergic reactions and autoimmune
diseases.  

Psoriasis and many forms of skin ailments are considered to be
metabolic disorders possibly related to a enzyme deficiency of
lipase.  In addition, there is often a cholesterol build up when
there is insufficient lipase in the blood.

The pancreas enlarges in animals and people whose diets are
composed primarily of cooked food.  An enlarged organ is often a
sign of a pathological condition, showing the beginning signs of
exhaustion and degeneration.  The thyroid enlarges in goiter when
it is attempting to compensate for the under production of
hormones. 

When there is little predigestion going on in the food-enzyme
stomach, more pancreatic enzymes are required to catalyze the chyme
delivered to the duodenum.  The pancreas (as well as other organs
and glands) has a greater demand to produce more enzymes and
enlarges in order to meet this demand.  An enlarged pancreas
borrows enzyme precursors from other metabolic processes in order
to synthesis the large quantity of enzymes required to digest food
devoid of enzymes (or when enzyme inhibitors interfere).  This in
turn decreases the supply of enzyme precursors available for use in
the production of metabolic enzymes, creating a metabolic enzyme
deficit.  Less enzymes are then available to conduct routine bodily
functions and maintenance or repair of damaged cells and tissues in
time of injury or illness.  

Enzyme Supplementation/Therapy

Both plant derived and animal derived pancreatic enzymes are used
in enzyme therapy.  Enzymes are regarded as extremely safe, the FDA
long ago approved the use of plant enzymes as dietary supplements. 
It is said you could eat a truckload of them without any ill
effects.  They are generally regarded as safe for any of the bowel
disorders.  They are especially helpful for individuals with
damaged areas in the small intestine and anyone who has had large
portions of the intestine removed.  Although people with stomach
ulcers should consult with an enzyme therapist regarding special
enzymes that do not irritate the stomach.   

There are more than 2000 enzyme therapists practicing in the United
States.  According to Dr. Lita Lee, a detailed medical history, a
24 hour urinalysis test and a blood test are routinely done to
assess specific enzyme deficits and to develop a treatment plan. 
 
Enzyme supplements are only meant to add to those that occur
naturally in food.  It is important to eat a diet that includes
plenty of predigested foods and fresh, whole, organic and raw foods
in order to ensure the intake of food enzymes and the vitamins and
minerals that act as coenzymes in catalytic reactions.

All four categories of enzymes are used in enzyme therapy,
protease, amylase, lipase and cellulase.  Both plant and pancreatic
enzymes may be prescribed to enhance the body's functioning. 
Enzymes supplements taken with or before meals will aid the
digestive process and reduce the need for the pancreas to work so
hard.  Enzymes taken between meals will go directly into the blood
and lymph to support immune system function.

Plant enzymes are active in a wider range of pH levels 
(pH 3-8.5) than pancreatic enzymes, which are activated only in a
pH similar to that of the duodenum (pH 7-8.7).  Therefore plant
enzymes function in the food-enzyme stomach predigesting foods and
reducing the work load of the pancreas, while pancreatic enzymes
are not activated in the stomach. 

Enzyme supplementation is known to speed up transit time of food
through the digestive tract, reduce fecal build-up in the colon,
aid in detoxification, cleanse blood and increase the absorption of
vitamins and minerals.   This increased absorption provides better
utilization meaning less vitamin and mineral supplements need to be
taken.

When the body receives a plentiful supply of enzymes, either as
natural food enzymes or as supplemental enzymes, endogenous enzyme
resources are preserved for the metabolic tasks of maintaining
health and preventing disease.  And as proper digestive function is
restored many acute and chronic conditions may also be helped.

Daily dietary supplementation of food enzymes is something one can
do as part of a general self care program.  Enzyme treatment for a
specific illness or condition requires consultation with a health
care provider trained in the use of enzymes and enzyme therapy.
    
Natures Chemists

As we now know, enzymes are involved in every metabolic process. 
All cellular activity is initiated by enzymes, they are responsible
for digesting the food we ingest as well as for breaking down
foreign and toxic substances.  Enzymes are constantly being used up
and excreted through sweat and urine.  We already know we must
replace vitamins and minerals, but we must now learn do the same
with enzymes.  If we don't replace depleted and lost enzymes
through proper diet and supplementation the body will replace
enzymes from within itself, borrowing from metabolic processes
causing chronic fatigue, cellular and organ exhaustion, disease and
eventually death.     

One can live for many years on an enzyme deficit diet but
eventually a diet of void of enzymes can cause cellular enzyme
exhaustion.  When the signs of an enzyme deficiency are evident the
body is most likely already in a state of exhaustion.  It is
important that the body's enzyme reservoir be preserved and
replenished in order to ensure proper digestion, immune system and
metabolic function throughout the body.  This is best done through
the inclusion of sufficient quantities of predigested foods, fresh,
organic, whole, raw food and enzyme supplements in the daily diet.

Enzymes truly are the alchemists of life.  Conducting millions of
biochemical transactions daily.  Converting food into nutritional
building blocks.  Transforming those same nutritional building
blocks into bone, muscle, nerve, heart, lung, brain, blood,
movement, breath, and thought.  And all of that, all of each of us,
all of life, is made possible by the presence of enzymes and the
tremendous amount of work they do.

References

Cichoke, Anthony J., DC.  Enzyme and Enzyme Therapy:  How to Jump
Start Your Way to a Lifetime of Good Health.  New Canaan:  Keats,
1991.

"Effects of Cooked (Enzyme Deficient) Foods", Earthletter.  March
1992.

"Enzyme Nutrition, Part I: Nutritional Myths", Earthletter.  March
1991.

Glanze, Anderson and Anderson, eds.  The Mosby Medical
Encyclopedia.  New York:  Plume Book, 1992.

Gray's Anatomy.  New York:  Crown/Bounty Publishers, 1977.

Howell, Edward, MD.  Enzyme Nutrition:  The Food Enzyme Concept. 
Wayne:  Avery Publishing Group, 1985.

Howell, Edward, MD.  Food Enzymes for Health and Longevity.  
Woodstock:  Omangod Press, 1986.

"Itis's From Food Enzyme Deficiencies", Earthletter.  June 1992.

Lee, Lita, PhD. Radiation Protection Manual.  Redwood City:
Grassroots Network, 1990.

Lehninger, ALbert L., David L. Nelson.  Michael M. Cox.  Principles
of Biochemistry.  New York:  Worth Publishers, 1993.

"Lipase Deficiency Conditions", Earthletter.  Fall 1993

Santillo, Humbart, MH, ND.  Food Enzymes: The Missing Link to
Radiant Health.  Prescott: Hohm Press, 1993.

Tortora, Gerard and Grabowski, Sandra.  The Principles of Anatomy
and Physiology.  New York:  HarperCollins, 1993.

Resources

To locate an enzyme therapist near you contact:

21st Century Nutrition
Nutritional Enzyme Support System
PO Box 640 
Forsyth, MO  65653
(800) 637-7774
Fax (417) 546-6433

Lita Lee, PhD, a chemist, nutritional consultant and enzyme
therapist works with individuals over the phone and through the
mail.  Contact her for details at:

Lita Lee, PhD
2852 Williamette Street
Suite 397
Eugene, OR  97405
(541) 746-7621
Fax (541) 741-0354

Wholesale enzymes can be mail ordered through:

Jill Otto
1704B Llano Street 
Suite 109
Santa Fe, NM  87505
Write for a catalogue and price list.

Enzymes specifically designed to treat Candida are available
through:

Candida Wellness Center
4365 North Bedford Drive
Provo, UT  84604
(800) 644-1612

Look for other sources in the Olde Crohn Resource Directory.

NEXT ISSUE: Now that you know close to everything there is to know
about how the digestive system works, we are going to explore what
happens when it doesn't work.  Research Report will tackle the
biological mechanics of IBD on digestion and overall intestinal
functioning.

[We welcome your comments on the Novus Report series.  It is always
easier to go back to the copyright owners of these reports to
encourage them to fund more when there is a body of reader response
(hint, hint.) -ED]

\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\
NOTES FROM THE WAITING ROOM
\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\

[It appears that all inflammatory bowel disease sufferers have
several serious "secondary" symptoms in common.  Aside from the
pain and fever associated with IBD, these common symptoms prove to
be the most taxing on individuals, often affecting their ability to
function normally even when the pain and fever are suppressed. 
This column is devoted to discussing the often overlooked parts of
a full treatment regime]

FISTULAS AND RECTAL ITCHING

In the early days of "regional enteritis" fistulas were referred to
as the "plumbing phenomena".  They are long, irregular tubules that
travel from the site of infection, abscess, or inflammation and
terminate either externally (exoterminus) through the skin or
internally (endoterminus) into an organ or directly into the body
cavity. 

Debate continues between two opposing schools of thought as to the
mechanism behind fistula formation.  The first school believes that
fistula formation is a natural and adaptive mechanism of the body
to drain abscess and sites of inflammation.  The second group
argues that fistulas are formed by microbial action as the
offending organism migrates from the original site of infection.

Recent clinical studies have tipped the scales heavily in favor of
microbial action.  Several studies have definitively demonstrated
the presence of anaerobic bacteria (they require no oxygen),
especially the Mycobacterium family, in all cases of Crohn related
fistulas.  In further support of the microbial action theory is the
dramatic success of metronidazole (Flagyl) in the closing of anal
fistula.

IBD related fistulas that concern most IBD patients are exoterminus
and have their exit at the rectum.  While these fistula often have
copious discharge and related inflammation, they are not so
difficult to manage.

Flagyl appears to be the most effective and rapid drug therapy and
most fistula will close within ten days of treatment.  However,
unless the source of inflammation or abscess is corrected, they
will just as quickly reopen after the Flagyl is withdrawn.

Garlic and other anti-microbial herbs have shown promise in several
studies and the therapy often is to attack the fistula at both ends
by ingestion and by topical application.  Hot baths with epsom
salts have also been beneficial.  As with Flagyl, stopping the
therapy without reducing the source will result in a reopening.

In contrast, some fistulas, due to effective management of IBD,
will close at the source but remain open at the exoterminus.  These
"dead end tubes" are difficult to treat as the organism responsible
often shows resistance to the antibiotic.  There may also be a
rapid cycle of infection/reinfection due to the closed internal
end.  Keeping these fistula clean and the application of topical
antibiotic creams is often effective in closing them permanently.


Rectal itching (Pruritus Ani), is often the only external
manifestation of IBD and occurs in more than 70% of all IBD
patients.  It is perhaps the most annoying of all secondary
symptoms and is a major cause of lost sleep.  Pruritus Ani has its
own debate, but it is agreed by all that scratching is the worst
thing that you can do.  The itch and inflammation is caused by two
factors; bacteria and lactic acid.  In many cases, both causal
agents are present.

Bacteria attack through micro fissures in the skin and scratching
will only increase the number of fissures and effectively spread
the bacteria.  Lactic acid, a by product of incomplete digestion of
fructose, lactose, sorbitol, and mannitol, will leak out from the
colon and produce severe inflammation.  Continuing exposure to the
acid will create micro fissures that the opportunistic bacteria
thrive in, contributing to the itch cycle.

The application of hemorrhoidal creams is not a wise course of
therapy.  The analgesics in these creams are also acidic and will
multiply the effect of the lactic acid.  The oil base of these
creams will also provide a supportive environment for bacteria.

Cortisone creams are also of little value.  While they will
temporarily reduce the inflammation and relive the itch, they
suppress the body's defense against bacteria, allowing the
organisms to multiply more freely.  The base cream is also a good
environment for bacterial growth.

Topical antibiotic creams, especially broad spectrum formulas can
be effective remedies.  However, cleanliness is by far the most
valuable treatment.  The use of premoistened towelettes after a
bowel movement and at regular intervals during the day is an
effective regime against both bacteria and lactic acid.  These
towelettes come in individual foil packets and a day's supply can
be kept in purse or pocket.  Obviously, scrubbing the site with a
washcloth or excessive rubbing with toilet paper is not helpful and
may be as bad as scratching. As with fistulas, herbal antibiotics
can be beneficial. 

Be warned, however, that rectal itching is a sure indicator of
other more serious internal inflammation and irritation.  The
severity of these secondary symptoms will often parallel the main
course of IBD.

With common sense, attention to cleanliness, and a proper diet,
these annoying secondary symptoms can be reduced or eliminated,
restoring your ability to function normally.

[If you would like to respond to Health Notes from the Waiting Room
send us email to rmalloy@squeaky.free.org and put NOTES in the
subject header]

=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=
The Herbal Informant
=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=\=

[ Due to the large number of questions from our readers about
herbal remedies and the resultant hyperbole that seems to come with
this therapy, we have created "The Herbal Informant".  This column
is not intended to endorse or recommend any herbal remedy as a cure
or therapy for IBD.  This column is intended to be a source of
information and a stimulus for open debate and discussion. ]

GARLIC (Allium sativum)

Garlic is probably the most well recognized and extensively studied
of all herbs.  While garlic is highly valued for its culinary
effects it is also well known for its medicinal properties as is
evidenced by its use in traditional medicines world-wide for over
5000 years.  Garlic has been used throughout recorded history for
a variety of conditions, especially as a natural remedy against
infection.
 
Its origin is obscure but it is thought to have been first
cultivated in central Asia or western Siberia.  Being one of the
oldest cultivated plants, it is now naturalized all over the world.
 
Garlic contains more than thirty compounds and elements.  Among
them are the amino acid, alliin (allylsulfinyl), adenosine, 
B-vitamins, C-vitamins, phosphorus, potassium, sulfur, s-allyl
cysteine, iron, calcium, protein and hormones.  Alliin is rapidly
converted to allicin (allyl allylthiosulfinate) by the enzymatic
action of alliinase when raw garlic is crushed or eaten.  Allicin
and the resultant sulfide containing by-products are responsible
for the well known odor of garlic.  Garlic possesses the highest
sulfur content of any vegetable and is an excellent natural source
of the antioxidant selenium.
  
Chives, onions, scallions, shallots, leeks and garlic all belong to
the allium genus of the lily family.  Aloe vera, asparagus and
sarsaparilla are also related to garlic. 

Garlic was revered by the Egyptians. It was eaten as a ritual by
the workers who built the pyramids, as protection from disease, and
was used as an embalming agent.  In medieval times garlic was known
as the "peasant's cure all".  The French used it as an antidote for
drunkenness and overeating.  English peasants chewed it to give
them strength and resistance to disease.  

Garlic was so effective in medieval times as a poultice for
inflammation and infection that supernatural properties were
attributed to it.  In Eastern Europe garlic was hung on the door or
around the neck to protect against vampires.  These superstitious
uses of the herb were based on common belief that illness was
directly related to the presence of "evil spirits".
 
Louis Pasteur reported garlic's antibiotic properties in 1858 thus
separating superstitious fiction from medical fact.  During World
War I the British purchased it by the ton and applied it to wounds
as a natural antiseptic.  And in the absence of other general
antibiotics during the Nazi invasion of Russia during World War II,
the Russians also used garlic on wounds to prevent and heal
infection.

Garlic has often been called nature's penicillin because of its
powerful antibiotic properties.  Allicin is the essential element
responsible for garlic's antibiotic property.  It acts on microbes
much like penicillin does.  Acting as an enzyme inhibitor, allicin
interferes with the microbe's oxygen metabolism.  Recent research
supports this, showing garlic to have antimicrobial activity
against bacteria, viruses, parasites and fungi.  "Healthline"
reported that in a study at Boston University School of Medicine,
researchers found garlic to be broadly effective against fourteen
different strains of bacteria, even killing some that are resistant
to commonly used antibiotics.  

In other studies garlic has proven to be an effective antifungal. 
An extract of garlic completely inhibited the fungal activity and
stopped the further progress of a parasitic fungus which produces
fever, inflamed skin lesions and pneumonia-like symptoms.  It is
especially active against Candida albicans and is regarded as more
potent than nystatin and gentian violet.  A Herxheimer (toxic)
effect, due to a Candida die-off may be mistaken for a side effect
or allergic reaction.  The yeast when killed release toxins which
may cause abdominal cramping and diarrhea.  This effect disappears
after the initial yeast die-off.  

Garlic applied to warts reduces them by eliminating the virus that
creates the eruption.  It is also a powerful vermifuge, killing
worms and other parasites in both humans and animals.  The active
ingredient in many over-the-counter pet wormers is derived from
allicin.

Only in the past twenty years have the claims that garlic acts as
a "blood purifier" been investigated and verified.  Recently, a
scientific panel for the European Economic Community has endorsed
garlic because of its cardiovascular benefits.  Garlic has been
shown to be beneficial in lowering blood cholesterol and
triglycerides while it increases the beneficial high-density
lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL).  In Germany, garlic extract is
approved for use as an over the counter dietary supplement for
people with elevated blood lipid levels.  Garlic also inhibits the
build up of plaque in blood vessels helping to prevent
arteriosclerosis.  This effect on plaque has been credited to
garlic's ability to both lower blood cholesterol and blood sugar. 
Both garlic and onion have this hypoglycemic effect on blood sugar. 
Garlic also acts as an antithrombotic by preventing blood proteins
from massing into blood clots.  Adenosine has been identified as
the chemical element in garlic responsible for "thinning" blood and
preventing blood clots from forming.

Prostaglandin A has been identified as the factor in garlic
responsible for controlling high blood pressure.  A therapeutic
dose of garlic taken as a dietary supplement has been found to
decrease the systolic (beating) pressure of the heart as well as
the diastolic (resting) pressure.

In addition to its antibiotic activity and cardiovascular benefits
garlic has also been shown to enhance various aspects of the immune
system.  This finding supports garlic's historical use in the
prevention and treatment of infection.  It aids immune system
function by stimulating and increasing the activity of phagocytic
white blood cells and large scavenger cells (macrophages).  Current
research studies have shown that garlic increases resistance to
infection, colds and influenza through its action as an antiviral
agent.  

It is suggested that there are thirty possible anti-cancer agents
in the allium family.  Garlic is known to have therapeutic
properties that help to inhibit certain tumors and cancer.  The
National Cancer Institute has reported that consumption of garlic,
onions, leeks and shallots can help lower the incidence of stomach
cancer.  It is garlic's ability to stimulate the immune system that
elicits the increased activity of large scavenger cells
(macrophages) and white blood cells (leukocytes) that lead to
cytotoxic destruction of tumor cells.  Garlic also speeds up the
livers ability to metabolize carcinogens.

Garlic was used by Albert Schweitzer in Africa for the treatment of
amoebic dysentery and has also been used to prevent bacteria
induced diarrhea.  It is an excellent intestinal antiseptic and a
good stimulant to the entire digestive system.  In her book "Herbal
Medicine", Dian Dincin Buchman gives the following remedy for
intestinal spasms:  

     "Combine three cloves garlic with five tablespoons 
     of caraway seed in milk for about fifteen minutes.           
     Strain the liquid, add some boiled water and drink."

Garlic has been used therapeutically to reduce pain in joints, in
gout and rheumatism, and also in toothaches and earaches.  It is
useful in helping clear congested lungs, coughs, bronchitis, and
asthma.  And it has been shown to be effective in treating kidney
and bladder ailments.  

Garlic usually has a high content of the antioxidant selenium,
which is active in fighting free radicals.  To get the maximum
benefit, Susun Weed, a well known herbalist and author, recommends
buying organic garlic grown in the Western United States where the
soil is rich in selenium.  Eastern soils, especially in Florida,
are depleted of this important trace element and produce garlic
that is deficient in selenium.

Studies indicate general benefits from any type of garlic, be it
raw, dried, oil, odorless or odor-controlled commercial products,
all have a high degree of activity.  When garlic is allowed to age
for extended periods, the characteristic odor of garlic disappears
and a more socially acceptable form of garlic results with the same
properties claimed as for the fresh garlic clove.  In "Natural
Prescriptions", Robert M. Gill, MD, suggested that in order to get
a therapeutic benefit from garlic take 2-3 cloves of fresh garlic
or a 300mg capsule of long acting odor-free garlic daily.  If you
wish to attempt to nip an infection in the bud use three 1,000mg
capsules three to four times a day.  However rare, allergies to
garlic do occur.  If you notice any worsening of congestion, rash
or cough or other symptoms discontinue taking garlic.

The addition of garlic or garlic supplements to the diet of
patients with inflammatory bowel disorders could be considered as
part of a therapeutic diet regime.  With the current shift in
opinion in gastroenterology practice that microbial action may be
a major factor in Crohn's and colitis, the use of garlic as an
antibiotic with no known side effects on human tissue or cells,
should be considered before submitting to the use of prescription
antibiotics.  The effectiveness of garlic against intestinal
microbes is further enhanced by its culinary value.

Well known culinary uses include lamb spiked with garlic and
rosemary, seafood served with aioli, garlic soup, baked garlic,
crushed raw garlic in salad dressings, dips, herb butters and soft
cheeses.  Garlic is a healthy substitute for salt when on a low
sodium diet as it helps to keep blood pressure down while livening
up what might otherwise be bland food.

Garlic loses some of its therapeutic benefits when cooked, but not
as much as one might think.  Because the enzyme allinase is
destroyed by heat, garlic's antibiotic properties derived from
allicin are best preserved by using garlic raw.  Please remember,
raw garlic should be used in small quantities because the oil in
garlic can burn the skin and epithelial layers lining the mouth,
esophagus and stomach.  And according to a research cardiologist
Dr. Arun Bordia, it made no difference  whether garlic is raw or
cooked in warding off heart attacks.  Nor does it appear that
cooking destroys the blood thinning abilities of garlic either,
adenosine is reportedly not harmed by heat.

"If everybody ate garlic then nobody would find it objectionable."
-- Old French folk saying

Following are some recipes that include cooked, as well as raw
garlic.  

Hummous

1 16 oz can chick peas (garbanzo beans) - drained and rinsed
6 tablespoons tahini (sesame seed paste)
5 tablespoons lemon juice (juice of 2 lemons)
2-3 cloves of garlic 
3 tablespoons virgin olive oil
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
1/4 cup packed parsley (optional)
pinch of cayenne pepper
salt to taste

Place all ingredients in the bowl of a food processor or blender. 
Process using the steel blade, until the mixture is smooth. Taste
and adjust the salt, pepper, lemon and oil to your liking.
Serve with carrots sticks, crusty bread, crackers, or in pita.  

Makes 2 cups.

Pesto Sauce

2   cups fresh basil leaves
1   cup packed fresh flatleaf Italian parsley
1/2 cup grated Romano cheese
1/2 cup grated Asiago cheese
1   tablespoon pine nuts (pignoli)
12  walnuts 
12  almonds blanched
3   garlic cloves
1/2 cup virgin olive oil
2   tablespoons butter

Put all ingredients in the bowl of a food processor.  Process,
using the steel blade, until smooth.  Serve over pasta.  (Use 2
tablespoons of cooking water from pasta to thin sauce to right
consistency before serving.)

Forty Clove Garlic Chicken

3 to 4 pound broiler-fryer chicken, whole
2 fresh sprigs rosemary or 1 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed
salt and pepper
2 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons virgin olive oil
2 fresh sprigs thyme or 1 teaspoon dried thyme, crushed
1 bay leaf
4-5 fresh basil leaves, or 1 teaspoon dried basil leaves crushed
40 cloves garlic, unpeeled (2-3 heads)
1/4 cup dry white wine
2 teaspoons hot water

Preheat oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit.

Wash and pat dry chicken.  Sprinkle cavity with salt and pepper.
Place some of the fresh (or dried) rosemary leaves in cavity.  Melt
butter and oil and brush outside of chicken with oil.  Place in
roasting pan breast side down.  Sprinkle with rosemary, thyme,
basil and add bay leaf and garlic cloves to roasting pan.  Cover
with foil.  Place lid over foil to seal pan.  Place in preheated
oven for 1-1.5 hours basting with juice twice during baking. 
Uncover pan during last 15 minutes.  Chicken is done when a fork
inserted into thigh comes out easily and juices run clear.  Remove
chicken to warm platter.  Discard bay leaf and other fresh herbs. 
Save garlic cloves.

Heat wine in small saucepan until it starts to steam, add hot water
and pour into pan juice in roasting pan.  Boil 3 minutes, scraping
sides and bottoms of pan to melt all the brown bits of gravy.
Carve chicken.  Serve garlic cloves with chicken and gravy.  

References and Resources

Buchman, Dian Dincin.  Herbal Medicine:  The Natural Way to Get
Well and Stay Well.  New York, NY:  David McKay Company, 1979.

Duff, Gail.  A Book of Herbs and Spices:  Recipes, Remedies and
Lore. Topsfield, MA:  Salem House Publishers, 1987.

Fulder and Blackwood. Garlic: Nature's Original Remedy.  Rochester,
VT:  Inner Traditions, 1990.

"Garlic Claims Gain Strength,"  Health, Jan/Feb, 1994.

Giller, Robert M., MD and Kathy Matthews.  Natural Prescriptions. 
New York, NY:  Carol Southern Books/Crown, 1994.

Harris, Ben Charles.  Better Health with Culinary Herbs.  New York,
NY:  Weathervane Books, 1971.

Heinerman, John, PhD. From Pharaohs to Pharmacists: The Healing
Benefits of Garlic.  New Canaan, CT: Keats Publishing, Inc.

Heinerman, John, PhD.  Heinerman's Encyclopedia of Fruits,
Vegetables and Herbs.  West Nyack, NY:  Parker Publishing Company,
1988.

Lau, Benjamin, MD, PhD.  Garlic For Health.  Lotus Light
Publications, 1988.

Mindell, Earl, Dr. Earl Mindell's Garlic: The Miracle Nutrient. 
New Canaan, CT:  Keats Publishing, Inc.

Murray, Michael, T. ND.  Natural Alternatives to Over-the-Counter
and Prescription Drugs.  New York, NY:  William Morrow and Co.,
Inc.  1994.

"Scientists Say Garlic Killed Cold Germs," Healthline, March/April
1994.  

Wunderlich, Ray C., MD. Natural Alternatives to Antibiotics. New
Canaan, CT: Keats Publishing, Inc., 1995.

A couple of good sources for mail order organic garlic:

1.  Diamond Organics
    PO Box 2159
    Freedom, CA  95019
    (800) 922-2396  
    Call for a catalog.

2.  Winter Creek Farm
    Johnson Point Road
    Olympia, WA  98516
    (206) 491-2340
    Seven gourmet varieties available.
    Call for information and prices 


[ We welcome comments to the Herbal Informant at
rmalloy@squeaky.free.org.  Please put HERBAL in the subject header
- ED ] 


<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>
The Diet Observer
<><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><><>

[ Okay, so we spend a lot of time talking about diet.  But that's
because we also spend a lot of time eating and then doing those
things that come as a result of eating.  A significant portion of
our reader email has to do with questions about diets and diet
programs.  While this column and the Olde Crohn does not endorse
any diet, and we warn all of our readers that individuals will
react differently to diets, we would like to examine some of the so
called "therapy diets" so that you can be guided forward in your
personal research. 
.....
This issue we will take a look at Elaine Gottschall's Specific
Carbohydrate Diet as found in her book "Breaking the Vicious Cycle: 
Intestinal Health Through Diet".  This book was brought to our
attention by many of our readers who have had success with the diet
and felt others who suffer from intestinal disorders should be made
aware of it.  We take note that many of these readers are quite
emphatic about their success.  This diet is specifically
recommended by the author for Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis,
diverticulitis, celiac disease, cystic fibrosis, and chronic
diarrhea.  This diet deserves serious consideration, thousands
claim to have been helped by it and it appears that this diet is
capable of reversing intestinal damage related to these disorders. 
These testimonials found on the book cover got our attention at The
Olde Crohn and should speak for themselves.

"It is now four months since I heard those wonderful words from the
doctor at the London, Ontario hospital telling me that he could see
no signs of Crohn's disease,  I felt as if someone had lifted a
great weight from me and I could breathe freely again.  And this
after only two years on the Specific Carbohydrate Diet."  
Mary Rimmer, Centralia, Ontario, Canada

"Thanks to the Specific Carbohydrate Diet, I have regained my life! 
For many years, ulcerative colitis controlled almost every aspect
of my existence - where I worked, social situations, recreation,
travel, etc.  Having not responded well to medication, I had even
reached the point of discussing with my doctor the possibility of
having my colon surgically removed.  I would never have thought
that something as simple as diet could solve this problem."
Lucy Rosset, Bellingham, Washington 

---------------------------------------------------------/

Author Elaine Gottschall, a cellular biologist, is an expert in
human biochemistry and nutrition.  She holds graduate degrees in
both fields and has over thirty five years of personal and direct
experience with this diet in relation to intestinal disorders.  The
diet was initially used by the author when her own daughter, then
a child, developed ulcerative colitis.  She and her husband went
looking for help and found it in Dr. Sidney V. Haas.  Dr. Haas
recommended a diet that limited specific carbohydrates and after
two years on the diet her daughter was free of symptoms.  Elaine
Gottschall went on to study, research and specialize in the effect
of food on the human body.  She has adapted and fine tuned the
original Haas diet and has seen continued success with the diet in
the individuals that consult with her.  Currently she lives in
Canada, is a popular lecturer and consultant to individuals who
have behavioral and intestinal problems. 

Breaking the Vicious Cycle is divided in two sections, the first
third of the book explains the digestive process and the importance
and balance of intestinal microbial flora.  In this section, the
author clearly explains the underlying problems that arise out of
any intestinal disorder.  She tells us that while the initial
causes of intestinal disorders remain unknown that once the cycle
of intestinal problems have begun, faulty digestion and
malabsorption of carbohydrates are responsible for the on-going,
chronic digestive complaints.  The cycle diagramed in her book
involves a chain of events that is constantly being repeated and
which ultimately leads to greater digestive damage if not
interrupted. 

The cycle is described as involving the overgrowth of intestinal
microbes, and the resulting increase in microbial by-products,
which in turn then cause the intestinal lining to secrete
additional mucous to protect itself from microbial waste products. 
Ultimately the microbial overgrowth and/or the resulting 
by-products cause damage to the surface lining the small intestine
(microvilli).  Injury to the microvilli and/or the build up of
mucous results in a lack of enzymes coming in contact with
partially digested carbohydrates.  This leaves the final step in
carbohydrate digestion unfinished.  The enzymes that are
responsible for the last step in carbohydrate digestion are
released from cells in the microvilli.  They split double sugars
(disaccharides) into simple, single sugars.  These enzymes are the
disaccharases: lactase, maltase, and sucrase.  When these enzymes
are absent, deficient or not making contact with the partially
digested carbohydrates then these food particles remain in the
intestine, providing perfect food for microbial growth.  Bacteria
and yeast thrive on partially digested carbohydrates and when well
fed continue to increase their numbers.  The cycle continues as
long as the microbes are being fed.  They continue to create
greater amounts of toxic by-products, the intestine continues to
secrete additional mucous resulting in damage and/or dysfunction in
the intestinal lining and the resulting impaired digestion and
malabsorption feeds the bacteria and yeast and... so the cycle
goes.

The Specific Carbohydrate Diet presents a method for breaking the
cycle that perpetuates intestinal disorders giving the injured
intestine a chance to heal and recover.  The purpose of the diet is
to deprive the intestinal microbial world of the food it needs to
overpopulate.  By using a diet which contains predominantly
predigested carbohydrates the individual with an intestinal problem
can be maximally nourished and intestinal microbial world minimally
fed.  The diet is based on the principle that specifically selected
carbohydrates requiring minimal digestive processes are absorbed
through the intestinal wall, providing nourishment to the
individual, and not left undigested to feed intestinal microbes.

The remaining portion of the book is devoted entirely to practical
information regarding implementation of the diet.  The diet is
highly nutritious and can easily provide a well-balanced intake of
essential nutrients.  One must be committed to improving one's
health to stay with the diet.  The author is very serious when she
instructs readers that the strictness of the diet can not be
overemphasized.  She warns it may be difficult to follow the diet
and one must be totally committed to faithfully adhere to the diet
because to falter means a serious delay in recovery.  Also the
author reminds anyone considering implementing the diet to discuss
it with their health care provider and to stay on any medication
your physician has prescribed until a plan has been worked out on
how to safely monitor any decrease in dosage.

The case histories cited often speak of subjective improvement
within days of beginning the diet, while the author notes
improvement usually within three weeks of starting the diet.  She
warns that around the second or third month there is sometimes a
relapse or flare-up, even when the diet has been carefully
followed.  But once the individual gets beyond that, improvement is
usually steady over the course of a year.  Although no large scale
studies have yet been done, celiac disease, spastic colon, and
diverticulitis appear to be cured by the end of a year.  Other
disorders like Crohn's and ulcerative colitis seem to take longer
to respond.  The author recommends staying on the diet for a
minimum of one year after symptoms have disappeared.

The diet is primarily a regimen of fruits, vegetables and proteins,
such as meat, poultry, fish, eggs, and some cheeses. It is low in
starches and sugars.  The most restrictive part of the diet is that
grains are not allowed, no cereals, no flours, as well as, no
potatoes, no milk and no sugar.  But the author is generous with
creative solutions.  Instead of wheat flour, almond flour (and
other nut flour) is used, homemade yogurt instead of milk, and
honey is permitted instead of sugar.  The diet is not merely a
listing of allowable and forbidden foods.  There is a complete
discussion of types of each food allowed, what to look for in
labeling when shopping, sources and suppliers of unusual items, as
well as a collection of over 100 recipes.  The book is very
comprehensive, nothing is left out.
  
And there is hope, something to look forward to, once the symptoms
have disappeared and intestinal health is restored, all the
restricted foods can usually be slowly reintroduced back into the
diet.  Although the author advises against ever returning to a diet
high in processed sugars and carbohydrates.

Please remember this is only a review of the book with an overview
of the diet.  If you should decide to try the diet please get a
copy of the book with all the specific details and remember to
consult with your health care provider. 

You can get a copy of "Breaking the Vicious Cycle:  Intestinal
Health Through Diet" ($16.95 US - ISBN 0-9692768-1-8) in the US by
going to any bookstore.  If the bookstore doesn't carry it, they
can order it for you through Ingram Books or Baker & Taylor.  Or
you can call 800-332-3663 or 519-229-6795 to mail order it.  

The following is a sample day's menu from the book.  Recipes for
menu items listed are included in the book.

Breakfast

Baked apple sweetened with honey and cinnamon
Scrambled eggs
Homemade nut muffin with butter and homemade jam 
Weak tea, coffee, grape juice or apple cider

Lunch

Tuna fish sandwich made with homemade mayonnaise, garnished with
olives, dill pickle and a bed of lettuce
Slices of cheddar cheese
Homemade pumpkin pie with nut crust 
Pina Colada 

Dinner

Homemade Spaghetti sauce with ground beef, onions, garlic, herbs,
tomato juice.  Served on a bed of spaghetti squash.
Freshly grated cabbage salad w/ homemade mayonnaise or oil &
vinegar
Peas and carrots with butter
Fresh fruit or cheese cake 
Tea

The book's recipe section includes recipes for appetizers, soups,
salads and dressings, condiments, vegetables, muffins, breads,
cakes, cookies, desserts, candy, jams, beverages and even an infant
formula.  

Following is a sampling of a few of the recipes from "Breaking the
Vicious Cycle."

Zucchini Lasagna

1.5 lbs. ground beef
2   medium sized zucchini, cut lengthwise in 1/2 inch slices
2   cups dry curd cottage cheese
1   cup tomato juice
.5  cup colby, brick or havarti cheese, grated for topping
1   medium sized onion
1   cup mushrooms, slice (optional)
1   teaspoon oregano
.25 teaspoon ground basil
salt and pepper to taste

Brown meat in a little oil, set aside.
Line baking dish with zucchini slices.
Mix uncreamed cottage cheese with beef & spread over zucchini
slices.
Season tomato juice with herbs, salt & pepper and pour over other
ingredients.
Top with grated cheese.
Bake at 375 degrees Fahrenheit (190 degrees Celsius) until zucchini
is tender and cheese blends with other ingredients.
This recipe may be eaten hot as a main course or cold as an
appetizer.


Lois Lang's Luscious Bread

2.5      cups blanched ground almonds (almond flour)
.25-.33  cup melted butter
1        cup dry curd cottage cheese (press down as you measure) or
         1 cup drained homemade yogurt
1        teaspoon baking soda
.25      teaspoon salt
3        eggs

Preheat oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit (180 degrees Celsius).
Place eggs, melted butter dry curd cottage cheese, baking soda, and
salt in food processor using metal blade.
Process until the mixture is thick and resembles butter in texture.
Add almond flour and process until mixed thoroughly.  If the
stiffness of the mixture stops the processor remove the dough with
wet hands and knead by hand until almond flour is thoroughly mixed
into other ingredients.
Grease a loaf pan (4" X 8") generously with butter and coat bottom
with ground almond flour.
Using wet hands shape dough into a loaf shape and press into
greased pan.
Bake at 350 degrees F. for about 1 hour until lightly browned on
top.  There will be a crack on the top of the loaf.  Check by
inserting a metal kitchen knife it will come out clean when bread
is done.Remove from oven and run a metal spatula around the sides
of the pan pressing gently against the loaf to loosen it at the
corners and bottom of the pan.
Remove bread from pan by inverting the pan onto a cake rack.  
Allow to cool thoroughly before cutting.  Don't cut it while it is
hot, it needs to firm up its texture.

Apple Custard Pie

4-5 baking apples
1   tablespoon lemon juice
.5  cup honey
3   eggs
.75 cup homemade yogurt or homemade French cream (recipe included)
.25 cup apple cider
.25 teaspoon nutmeg
2-3 tablespoons chopped almonds or walnuts

Core and cut the apples into eighths.
Toss them in lemon juice which has been mixed with honey.
Arrange the apple slices round side down in a pie plate with circle
around the outer edge and another circle inside that, filling in
the center.
Bake in oven at 400 degrees Fahrenheit (200 degrees Celsius) for 20
minutes.  Beat the eggs slightly, stir in the yogurt or French
cream, apple cider and nutmeg.  Pour egg mixture over the apples
and continue baking another 10 minutes.
Sprinkle the top with the chopped nuts and bake 10 minutes longer
or until the top is golden and the center is firm.
Cool on a rack before cutting.

[ Comments to the diet observer are welcome.  Email to
rmalloy@squeaky.free.org and put DIET in the subject header ]

[.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.]
DR. QUACK'S BLACK BAG
[.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.][.]

[ The inscrutable Dr. Quack is on vacation but will return next
issue with an expanded look at some exceptionally poor examples of
greed and corruption.  There is absolutely no truth to the
scurrilous rumor that the good Doctor's vacation was instigated by
a process server or any pending litigation in federal court. -ED]

--------------------------------------------------------------//

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
THE ORACLE
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

{ The Oracle is intended to be a source of alternative thought,
philosophy, and perspective on health and healing.  As always, the
standard Olde Crohn disclaimer about this not being an endorsement
or a source of medical advice is in full effect.  We hope that you
will find the following article thought provoking and a stimulus
for further discussion and research }

[ Any discussion of religion or theology is controversial.  Any
discussion of religion or theology and its relationship to healing
can be catastrophically controversial.  However, spiritual
approaches to healing occupy as much of the free press index as any
other discussion of healing, medical or otherwise.  But few
mainstream publications dare to venture into what is often very
dangerous and stormy waters.  The Olde Crohn while being 
"non-denominational" has no such concerns, but instead we find
ourselves compelled to publish all information that relates to
health and well being.  While the views expressed in the following
reprinted two articles are by no means the only views on the topic
of spiritual healing, it is as good a place as any to start our
research and discussion -ED]

Reprinted verbatim from "The Christian Science Sentinel" June 12,
1995.

++++++++++++

" On April 5, 1995 M. Victor Westberg, Manager of Committees on
Publication for The Mother Church, appeared at the bioethics
conference on "Rights of Children to Make Health Care Decisions."
He was part of a four member panel on "Religious and Cultural
Treatment Decisions in Children."  The conference was sponsored by
the Center for Bioethics at the University of Pennsylvania, and the
invitation was issued by Arthur Caplan, Ph.D., director of the
center.  Here is the essence of Mr Westberg's talk."

     "Bible stories for centuries have been a staple of our Western
civilization.  They not only speak to how children make adult-like
decisions, but show how they are capable, by their example, of
imparting a greater sense of dominion over adversity for everyone.
     We're all familiar with the story of David and Goliath, how a
"mere" boy stood up to the champion of the Philistines, the foe of
Israel.  What I like most about the story is that young David
worked out the life and death challenge he faced with the tools of
a child, a sling and stone, rather than adult tools - armor and
sword - that King Saul wanted to give him.  And won! where no adult
could have.
     Another Bible story that has special meaning for Christian
Scientists is about the young boy Daniel, an Israelite held in
captivity by the Babylonians, who was brought into the king's house
for training and special care.  He and a group of chosen children
were to partake of a "daily provision of the king's meat and of
wine which he drank: so nourishing them three years, that at the
end thereof they might stand before the king (Dan. 1:5).
     Though this would certainly be seen as a great opportunity for
Daniel, in fact it went against his religious beliefs.  He asked
that he not have to participate.  His guardian was willing to
"test" Daniel's faith and, at Daniel's request, gave him and his
fellow Israelites nothing but pulse to eat and water to drink for
ten days.  Then Daniel and his friends were seen to be "fairer and
fatter in flesh" than all the others.
     Conflict between allegiance to the authority of the state and
allegiance to the authority of religion in an individual's life
dates back to Biblical times.
     Daniel won his first right to freedom of religion - not as an
organized religion, and not on any statistical basis - but as a
human being endowed with the right to demonstrate what proved to be
a successful and respected belief system.  Although written over
two thousand years ago, this story can stand as a parallel example
to the conflict in society today between medical treatment and a
reliable religious method of healing.  The king's meat and drink
might be compared to advanced medical care, and the king's decree
is a requirement of parents to rely strictly on medicine for the
health of their children.
     The subject of discussion is the moral free agency of a child. 
We can better understand this through the law, in particular recent
federal legislation, the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, or RFRA
as it is often called.
     The Church of Christ, Scientist, and some sixty-eight other
interested denominations and groups joined forces to help pass
RFRA, and, little over a year ago, the President signed it into
law.  Easily, this law is the most significant law safeguarding
religious freedom passed in this century - maybe since the passage
of the First Amendment to the Constitution.  Not everyone
understands, though, the high standard this law establishes for
religious faith and practice.  The law, of course, insists that
government action must be in furtherance of a compelling
governmental interest if it is going to interfere with some one's
religious practice.  Government must then choose "the least
restrictive" means.
     Absolutely no evidence exists showing Christian Science care
and treatment to be any less effective for the health of a child
than conventional medical treatment.  RFRA was passed to take the
burden of proof off religion and put it back on the government. 
The government must bear the burden of proving it has sufficient
cause to restrict the practice of anyone's religion.  This is as
applicable for adults as it is for children.
     One point I want to make today is to correct a serious
misrepresentation, namely: that parents who use Christianly
scientific prayer, or spiritual treatment, for their children who
are ill, are doing nothing.  This so called lack of care is seen as
a form of child abuse.
     Children who are neglected "lack" treatment, while children
under Christian Science care are "receiving" treatment.  Although
this treatment may not be the most commonly used today, it is a
viable treatment.  Thousands of parents and their children have
found this treatment effective to eliminate suffering and restore
health.  It is a treatment that a number of national health
insurance companies have covered and reimbursed for decades.  It is
a treatment given by Christian Science practitioners, who are
permitted to certify leave in the Family and Medical Leave Act of
1993.  It is a treatment that was covered in three of the major
bills from Congress last year on national healthcare reform.  It is
a treatment supported and fully endorsed by loving, caring parents,
not abusive adults.  It is a way of life chosen by children and
teenagers from Christian Scientist families for more than five
generations.  It is a practice chosen by children whose parents,
though not Christian Scientists, send them to Christian Scientist
Sunday School.
     Children and teenagers today choose Christian Science to
overcome illness with as much confidence as David showed when he
rose to the challenge of Goliath; as naturally as Daniel when he
refused to compromise his religious convictions.
     Before I go any further, one point needs to be absolutely
clear.  This is not an issue of the rights of religious dogma
versus the rights of children to good health care.  First, this is
in fact an issue that involves the right of parents to have
sufficient latitude in choosing what they feel is best for their
children.
     Few issues equal or surpass that of providing for the safety
and proper development of "all" of our children.  It is this point
that is so important to the overwhelming majority of parents in the
raising of their children.  Christian Scientist parents are no
exception.  They ask only to be allowed to provide safe and
reliable care for their children, and to foster the moral and
spiritual values that will enable them to lead happy, constructive
lives."   [end of article 1]

Article two is reprinted verbatim from "The Christian Science
Sentinel"   September 11, 1995: (Translated from German)

"In 1990 I suffered from a complex case of anorexia, which almost
cost me my life.  I was very lonely at the time, and undergoing
psychotherapy.  I isolated myself more and more from others, and 
ultimately I hardly ate anything at all.  I lost so much weight
that doctors finally gave me up.  Outwardly I was barely
recognizable anymore, and too weak to even go short distances
without using all of my strength.
     Finally I turned to a Christian Scientist, who stated his
willingness to help me.  After my first visit with him, I became
increasingly aware that this condition stemmed from hunger for love
and affection.  In our conversations, the Christian Scientist
assured me that I could not actually be alone and lonely, because
nothing can separate man from God's nearness, His protection, love,
and affection.  To die was not something that was in my hands, for
God's love is indivisible, and as divine Life He is eternal and
sustains everything.
     I felt this truth starting to work changes in my thought. 
Doubts, however, led me to refuse all food, and I suffered a
collapse, but then decide to visit the Christian Scientist a second
time.  We discussed the passage in "Science and Health", which
refers to a man who had adopted a rigid diet because he suffered
from digestive problems: "Food had less power to help or hurt him
after he had availed himself of the fact that Mind [God] governs
man, and he also had less faith in the so called pleasures and pain
of matter.  Taking less thought about what he should eat or drink,
consulting stomach less about the economy of living and God more,
he recovered strength and flesh rapidly (p. 222).
     Again a realization of God's nearness and protection began to
fill my consciousness.  Fear of the physical weakness subsided
gradually, and one evening shortly after this second visit I
suddenly grew very still and felt a great love, such as I had never
experienced before, flooding my being.  I felt truly loved.  My
fear was gone, and everything was harmonious.
     It became clear to me that illness was a self-imposed belief,
an error that was not of God, and that I could resume eating.  I
did so, and before long my eating was completely normal.  I
regained strength and weight, as well as my healthy appearance.
     For this healing I thank God with all my heart.  Where the art
of medicine had failed, Christian Science helped me, and although
I am not a church member, I am studying this Science now.

Matthais Gottwaldt
Hamburg, Germany"             [end of article two]

[ Each article represents the opinion of the author and, while we
do not endorse in any way the opinion of the author, we welcome
your comments and perspectives.  To those offering a contrasting
view, we will make available space for well written and researched
responses.  Please put ORACLE in your subject header. ]

|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|
BOOK REVIEWS (.)(.) BOOK REVIEWS
|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|\|

[So many books, so little time. We read the ones that some one
recommends, and save the rest for when we are supposed to be
working... ]

SOUP ALIVE, by Eleanor S. Rosenast (Woodbridge Press, Santa 
Barbara, CA: 1993) $9.95 ISBN 0-88007-198-2.

In the spirit of preserving food enzymes and eating vegetables and
fruits as close as possible to their natural state we chose to let
our readers know about this recipe book.  

"Soup Alive" provides a simple new way to make great tasting,
healthy vegetarian soups.  The author, Eleanor S. Rosenast, readily
admits that she wrote this book as a consumer, an educator, a cook,
a wife and a parent and not as a chef or a nutritionist.  She was
motivated to find a new way to preserve life protecting enzymes in
food when she was faced with a serious threat to her life from
cancer.  In her search for health, she learned through her own
research that eating vegetables raw or lightly cooked supplies more
dietary vitamins and enzymes.  Her research seems to have suggested
that a diet low in enzymes might be a factor influencing many human
ailments.   

The author's approach to making hot soups is not to cook the
vegetables!  All the vegetables are peeled, chopped, sliced,
shredded, and then added along with seasonings and thickeners to
the soup base of your choice.  Easy to follow directions for how to
make a number of different vegetable soup stocks are provided.  The
assembled soup is warmed slowly over low heat with the lid off and
never allowed to reach a simmer.  Also included are ideas for
alternative ways of how to heat the soup without destroying the
valuable nutrients and options for thickeners, seasonings and
garnishes.

The method of preparation is so simple that only ten percent of the
book is dedicated to the technique used for preparation while the
rest of the book is made up of 150 "living" soup recipes.  

We here at The Olde Crohn have tried a few of the recipes.  With
the recipes we tried we discovered that the recipes were quick,
incredibly easy to make, very fresh and lively, and delicious.  For
those of us IBD sufferers who have a hard time digesting fresh
vegetables this is a ideal way to eat them.  Because the vegetables
in these recipes are pureed in a blender or food processor to
whatever consistency is desired and with the natural food enzymes
still active they are very easy to digest.

For anyone who wants to add more enzymes to their diet naturally
through food, this book will be a welcome addition to their recipe
library.


THE INFORMATION SOURCEBOOK OF HERBAL MEDICINE, Edited by David
Hoffman, MNIMH. (The Crossing Press, Freedom, CA: 1994) $40.00 
ISBN 0-89594-671-8.

Because IBD sufferers are known for being in-depth researchers we
felt this book would be a valuable resource for those of you
looking for more information on herbal medicinals.

There is a great need and demand for information regarding herbal
medicine and its therapeutic uses.  There is a vast amount of
information available and the amount is growing on a daily basis. 
The ability to access this information is opening up new options
and is changing the very nature of health care.  Health care is
becoming more holistic and herbal medicine is taking it's place
along side the many other types of medical care.  

People, as individuals and as professionals are turning to herbal
medicine and need to be better informed.  According to David
Hoffman, there is an unfortunate tendency for people drawn to
herbalism to get their information from the advertising literature
produced by the herb industry.  He suggests this information is
generally reliable but selective, therefore incomplete.  He feels
there must be readily available information to enable the consumer
to make knowledgeable decisions.  He put together this book in
order to address the need for a guide that points to sources of and
helps locate information on Western plant medicine (phytotherapy).

David Hoffman, the editor, is an internationally known Medical
Herbalist from England.  He has authored six books on herbalism
including Therapeutic Herbalism and The New Holistic Herbal.  He
conducts seminars around the world and teaches at the California
School of Herbal Studies.
 
This book is a comprehensive guide to sources of information on
herbal medicine.  It provides source information relevant only to
Western herbal medicine, and states up front it makes no attempt to
cover all aspects of herbalism.  There is no coverage of
information regarding cultivation, botanical field guide or 
non-therapeutic uses.  

It provides a road map to sources of phytotherapeutic information. 
It covers the resources of libraries, commercial computer software,
and includes a comprehensive bibliography of books relating to
Western phytotherapy, journals, newsletters and organizations from
all over the English speaking world.  Also included are a complete
glossary of herbal, medical and pharmacological terms, a unique
directory of computer databases and a sampling of citations from
Medline on commonly used medicinal herbs.  

The book is structured in such a way as to be used as a guide to
information sources on an as-needed basis or as a read from cover
to cover. There is a whole chapter detailing the online search of
herbal information.  It describes available services and gives an
in-depth description of how to conduct an online search on Medline.
The last section of the book lists numerous citations from the
Medline database of published papers on the therapeutic use of a
large number of important herbs. 

Whether you're looking for information on aloe vera, pau d'arco,
garlic, or cat's claw this book is a good place to start.  It is a
valuable resource guide that will help point you in the right
direction and aid you in developing a research plan.  It will lead
you to sources of information that you didn't even know existed.

Newsletter

CATS CLAW NEWS, Published and Edited by Phillip N. Steinberg, CNC,
($12.00/year bi-monthly, PO Box 1078, Washington, MO  63090)

In our last issue we answered a question in The Olde Crohn Speaks
about cat's claw, which led us to this newsletter.  We had hoped to
find detailed and in depth information about exactly how cat's claw
works in the gut to relieve symptoms of IBD, but we did not. 
Instead, while reviewing the first three issues, we did find good
overall health, diet and nutritional supplement information that
would be helpful but not necessarily specific to IBD sufferers. 
Although one issue, the Sept/Oct 1995, issue was directed
specifically at IBD and intestinal disorders.

The newsletter is published for the purpose of keeping health
practitioners and lay people informed on new information pertaining
to cat's claw.  Cat's claw is relatively new and currently hot in
the medicinal herb world and there are a lot of claims being made
about it, especially regarding intestinal health.  As practitioners
and patients experiment with it, the true range of it's action will
be revealed.  This newsletter will provide access to current
information about the uses of cat's claw and it's ability to
actually meet the claims being made about it.

Phillip N. Steinberg, the editor is a graduate of The Nutritionists
Institute of America and has been working in the natural products
industry for almost twenty five years.  He has owned and managed
seven different health and natural food stores in St. Louis and
Chicago and currently conducts lectures and workshops in addition
to publishing Cat's Claw News.

Cat's Claw News is well formatted and easy to read.  It contains
general information about cat's claw, other herbs and nutritional
supplements as well as protocols for their use.  Also it includes
valuable information about quality, sources and retailers of cat's
claw, and other herbal and nutritional products, such as aloe vera,
probiotics and FOS.  There are a number of testimonials providing
anecdotal information regarding the use and effects of cat's claw. 
For example the following was included in the Sept/Oct 95 issue
which was directed at IBD.

" George, Newton, MA.....I have suffered from Crohn's disease,
arthritis, tendinitis and numerous allergies for many years.  After
taking Cat's Claw for approximately one month,  I have noticed that
my symptoms associated with these conditions have cleared up
approximately 80%! I plan to continue using Cat's Claw, probably
for the rest of my life."

If you are interested in following the progress of this new and
"currently hot" herb, as well as others, this is a good place to do
it.  Mr. Steinberg seems ready and able to field questions also.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
[ Books, books, books. We need book reviewers!  Can you read?
Better yet, can you write?  Send us a review on a related IBD topic
by email at rmalloy@squeaky.free.org and put BOOKS! in the subject
header. Be sure to list the publisher and the IBN number.  As we
develop relationships with our book reviewers we will select the
"creme" and start sending you books to review.  But then, we get to
grade them and hand out extra work for grades below D+.  And the
ruler, don't forget the ruler!! ]

+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+=+
.................................................................
NOTE: FOR YOUR INFORMATION has been moved to the Website and has
taken the form of the resource directory and library.
.................................................................


+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+
+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+
  
-=] THE OLDE CROHN [=-

+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+
+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+*+

The Olde Crohn is published six times per year on the even numbered
months by volunteers and through the donation of computer and
online access time from Novus Research.

The Olde Crohn is dedicated to providing information and discussion
on the topic of inflammatory bowel disorders.

Opinions expressed are solely the opinions of the authors.  The
Olde Crohn makes no endorsement or recommendation of any product or
service referenced, noted, or offered for sale by any advertiser in
this magazine or at The Olde Crohn Web site.

The Olde Crohn does not provide medical advice in any format.  Data
and information provided in this publication or at the Olde Crohn
Web site are for discussion purposes only.

Unsolicited articles and all email become the property of The Olde
Crohn.  Articles accepted for publication are edited for content,
grammar, and length.  Articles should not exceed 2,000 words unless
approved in advance by query to the Editor.  Submission should be
made on 3.5" DOS formatted diskette in ascii or WP5.1 format.  Hard
copy is recommended but not required.  The Olde Crohn does not
return any article, diskette, or hard copy submitted.

DO NOT SEND SUBMISSIONS BY EMAIL

Submissions may be made to:

The Olde Crohn
Submissions Editor
Novus Research
2345 Buckskin Drive
Englewood, Florida, USA 34223-3987

DO NOT SEND SUBMISSIONS BY EMAIL

Queries, questions, and letters to the editor may be sent by Email
to rmalloy@squeaky.free.org or by regular mail to the above postal
address. Questions to authors of any article in "The Olde Crohn"
may be sent by Email.  Please put the authors surname (aka last
name) in the subject header of your message.

The Olde Crohn welcomes comments, discussion, letters, and
criticism of this publication and its content.  Please do not use
this publication as a replacement for your support newsgroup, as we
are limited to our response time and size.

Online access to copies of THE OLDE CROHN is available by FTP
access to:

1. ftp.etext.org    log in as "ftp"   go to: /pub/Zines/OldCrohn

2. ftp.cic.net      log in as "anonymous  
                    go to: /pub/ejournals/alphabetical/o/oldcrohn

Online access to archive copies are also available through the Olde
Crohn Web site.

http://www.netline.net/novus/crohn/index.html

Files are stored in pkuzip format.
File name convention is Crhn***.zip where *** = month/yr of
publication  (ie 075 = July 95)

This issue is crhn016.zip   
The first issue is crhn085.zip
The second issue is crhn105.zip

=================================================================
Permission is granted for all non-commercial copying or
distribution of this publication. 

Permission is not granted to print out a hard copy of this
publication and wrap mullet in it.
================================================================= 
            
The Olde Crohn (c) 1995, 1996

crhn016.doc.eof|