
 ==================================================================
                              Stuck In Traffic
            "Current Events, Cultural Phenomena, True Stories"
                         Issue #36 - December, 2000

         Contents: 

         Cultural Phenomena:
         A Guide To Manual Vote Counting 

         Cultural Phenomena:
         Movie Review: Bedazzled 

         Cultural Phenomena:
         Movie Review: The Grinch 

         True Story:
         Tractor Hackers 
 
 
=================================== 
                 Cultural Phenomena
A Guide To Manual Vote Counting

Don’t ask me how I came into possession of this document…..

Dear Election Worker, 

On behalf of All American across the country, we Thank You for 
volunteering to help in the manual recount of ballots in your 
county.  We know that this is going to be a difficult and tedious 
task for you over the next few days.  Many of you would probably 
prefer to spend this time of Thanksgiving with your friends and 
family.  Truly, we appreciate your sacrifice.  

We are sure you are aware of the importance of this recount, the 
Presidency of the United States will, quite literally, be passing 
through your hands over the next few days.  We know that spending 
long hours at a tedious task can be tiring and frustrating.  There's 
sure to be confusion among you about how to count the votes.  To 
help you make these very difficult decisions, we offer these 
guidelines to help you make sure that the will of the people is 
accurately and fairly expressed.  

         * Voters have been confused by the layout of the ballot in 
         some counties.  As you have seen on CNN, voters that cast 
         their ballots for Buchanan actually intended to vote for 
         Gore.  Therefore any ballots you see that have been cast 
         for both Buchanan and Gore should be counted for Gore.  
         After all, CNN has not shown any Buchanan supporters who 
         have claimed to accidentally voted for Gore, have they?  

         * No major news network has interviewed any Buchanan 
         supporters in the counties where manual recounts are being 
         done.  Therefore you can assume that there are no Buchanan 
         supporters in counties were manual recounts are underway.  
         Any ballots that were cast for Buchanan alone were cast 
         accidentally by Gore supporters who were confused by the 
         ballot.  These ballots should be counted as votes cast for 
         Gore.  

         * While it is true that persons convicted of a felony lose 
         their right to vote in elections, one must also take into 
         consideration those who have been wrongfully convicted.  As 
         you know, Florida's current governor is not only a 
         Republican, he has close familial ties with George W.  
         Bush.  One can safely assume that Democrats currently 
         incarcerated in Florida are political prisoners, not felons 
         and their votes for Gore should be counted.  

         * There has been much confusion on how many corners of the 
         chads on the Gore row must be detached before they can be 
         counted as a Gore vote.  While the rule for the initial 
         re-count required that at least 2 corners of the chad be 
         detached, the new rule is that only one chad must be 
         detached.  Making any sort of mark on the ballot would 
         indicate a vote for Gore.  As you know, many Gore voters 
         were confused by the ballot.  So even if the chads on other 
         candidate's rows are cleanly separated, a partially 
         detached chad on the Gore row would indicate a confused 
         Gore supporter, not a supporter for another candidate.  

         * As you know, Gore offered a much larger increase in 
         social security spending for the elderly than George Bush.  
         Likewise Gore promised to pay more for prescription drugs 
         than Bush did.  One can safely assume then that the elderly 
         are favoring Gore exclusively.  But many of the elderly, in 
         their prescription drug deprived state do not have the 
         strength to punch their way through the ballot.  Therefore 
         any "pregnant," "dimpled," "lumpy," ballot chads on the 
         Gore row of the ballot , or any Gore chads that look like 
         they exhibit any convex or potentially convex tendencies 
         should be counted for Gore, regardless of whether or not 
         any corners of the chad were actually detached.  

         * Any ballots for George W.  Bush which are detached, but 
         not cleanly detached from the edges of the ballot should be 
         considered invalid votes and not counted.  Any fibers of 
         the chad which remain on the ballot, may reflect a last 
         second change of intent on the part of the voter.  You 
         would not mistakenly count a Bush vote that might have 
         changed his or her mind at the last second.  

         * Any ballots for which the George Bush chad has been 
         detached, but may nonetheless be manually reaffixed to the 
         ballot with adhesive tape, glue, or laminate should be 
         reattached and not counted.  Such reassembly should be done 
         as quietly and discreetly as possible, so as not to disturb 
         the other vote counters in the room.  

         * As you know, Republican voters are only able to force 
         themselves to vote for George Bush under heavy per 
         pressure.  And given the opportunity to vote in private, 
         they would not cast their vote for Bush.  So if no vote 
         counters are observing while you inspect a ballot that has 
         been cast for Bush, please place it on the Gore pile so you 
         can better reflect the voter's private, inner intent.  

         * While it is widely anticipated that absentee ballots will 
         heavily favor George Bush, there is some confusion as to 
         what qualifies as a valid absentee ballot.  The correct 
         interpretation is that no absentee ballots are valid.  How 
         can an absent person vote?  If they aren't there, who's 
         going to make the mark?  A person absent from the ballot 
         can't mark it, and anyone who can mark the ballot is 
         present at the ballot and therefore does not qualify as an 
         "absentee." 

Thank you for your kind attention to these matters.  We appreciate 
your sacrifice, your flexibility, and your creativity as human 
beings.  We're sure you'll use every means possible to ensure the 
end results reflect the will of the right people.  

=================================== 
                 Cultural Phenomena
Bedazzled
** 1/2 

Brendan Fraser plays Elliott, the geeky computer jock with no social 
skills whatsoever and the self-confidence to match.  Elizabeth 
Hurley plays The Devil, who for some reason decides it's time to 
pick on Elliott.  She offers him 7 wishes in exchange for his soul.  

Naturally skeptical, Elliott finally gives into the offer when 
confronted to win the girl of his dreams.  And at this point we slip 
into the that age-old comedy about Men trying to figure out What 
Women Want.  And by the time Elliott loses his soul, we've taken a 
quick trip through all the basic stereotypes of Men and Women, 
poking good natured fun at all our preconceptions.  

Perhaps it's not done with quite the style and panache as the 1967 
version of Bedazzled.  But it's a fun movie.  Just don't expect to 
many surprises along the way.  

=================================== 
                 Cultural Phenomena
The Grinch
*** 1/2

It seems that for people of my generation, those of us who are too 
young to be Baby Boomers and yet too old to be Gen X'ers, the whole 
notion of a Currier and Ives Christmas has been replaced with a new 
set of cultural icons.  For us, Thanksgiving is not complete with 
out watching "It's a Wonsderful Life" and Christmas isn't complete 
without watching "A Charlie Brown Christmsas" and, of course, "The 
Grinch Who Stole Christmas." 

I was a little worried when I heard that there was going to be a 
movie version of this classic animated feature.  Too often, such 
efforts get the visuals correct but inject their own message into 
the movie that wasn't there in the original.  I needn't have 
worried, Director Ron Howard stayed true to the spirit of the story 
and managed to recreate Who-ville so accurately it was scary.  

What's amazing to me is that the script writers worked in several of 
the classic scenes from the animated feature into the movie script.  
But the real marvel is Jim Carrey's ability to recreate the 
mannerisms of the cartoon Grinch.  The man is truly amazing.  

=================================== 
                         True Story
Tractor Hackers

Finally, this year, as the North Carolina State Fair opened for the 
first time in the new millennium, I gave myself the pleasure of 
attending the annual Tractor Pull competition.  I had been promising 
myself I would go for three or four years, but the other Fair events 
usually took up all my time.  

I’m a big fan of the State Fair.  Farmers and Ranchers from all over 
the state gather at the fair grounds in Raleigh to display their 
livestock, their produce, and their skills at various agricultural 
tasks.  It’s loads of fun.  In one building at the fair grounds, 
they have displays of produce.  Cabbages, tomatoes, squash, corn, 
okra, melons, and that specialty of North Carolina, sweet potatoes!  
The pumpkin exhibit was especially impressive, displaying an award 
winning 780 pound pumpkin, grown by a kid in his back yard.  As you 
walk around, people are offering you free samples of their food and 
produce.  Free peanuts, free pickles, free hush puppies, free 
Brunswick Stew.  It was a cornucopia of free food.  

The livestock exhibits, though a bit smelly, are fun too.  Cows, 
bulls, horses, goats all being judged by whatever criteria one 
judges these creatures by.  Some had blue ribbons, some had red, 
some had no ribbons at all.  To tell the truth, they all looked 
pretty much the same to me.  But as I always say, “where else are 
you going to get an opportunity to pet a goat?” 

This year, I didn’t ride the Ferris Wheel, the Roller Coasters, or 
any of the other carnival rides.  I wanted to go to the Tractor Pull 
instead.  But I did take time to browse through the many food 
stands.  There are some foods that, as far as I know, are only 
available at The State Fair.  For example, I have never seen roasted 
corn offered at a restaurant.  I have never seen funnel cakes sold 
anywhere else.  Fried candy bars (honest, I’m not making this up) 
can be found no where else.  My sins of gluttony were indulged at 
the Greek Gyro food stand and the Hot Wisconsin Fried cheese stand.  
Gyros, compared to the rest of the food at the State Fair, could 
arguably be said to be semi-healthy.  But the sharp Wisconsin 
cheddar cheese, rolled in corn meal, deep fried, and then dipped in 
sour cream and jalapenos can, in no way whatsoever, be considered 
the least bit healthy.  But it was delicious!  Score one for the 
libertines.  

Pleasantly stuffed with junk food, my friend Lee and I headed for 
the Tractor Pull arena.  It was packed.  Who would have had any idea 
this could be so popular?  The arena was an oval shaped dirt track, 
similar to a horse race track, but I think it was a little smaller.  
In the infield of the track, all the tractor pull contestants had 
their trucks and campers and their make-shift garages set up.  Even 
though it was dark, you could tell there was constant activity in 
the infield as people worked on their trucks up until the very last 
minute.  

The stands were filled to capacity with spectators.  I was 
pleasantly surprised at how well integrated the crowd was.  The 
stereotype for these sorts of events would dictate that it be an 
all-white event, the assumption being that blacks and minorities are 
not welcome at such things.  But, I’m pleased to say that in North 
Carolina at least, the stereotype is wrong.  Whites, blacks, 
Hispanics, and Oriental people mixed and mingled politely.  On the 
whole, the crowd was well mannered.  

Gap Kids were no where to be found.  The brand names on clothing 
tended to be car and truck companies, not fashion labels.  It’s a 
bit shocking, actually, to see such flagrant disregard for fashion 
mandates.  It’s also extremely cool in a non-hip sort of way.  Which 
is not to say that people were shabbily dressed.  I saw plenty of 
well dressed ladies sporting heels, painted finger nails and make 
up.  More than a few guys had shown up in their best western boots, 
buckles, and shirts.  But mostly people were just being themselves 
not putting on appearances.  

Before the competition could get started, of course, we paid our 
respects to Our Country and Our Veterans.  And I don’t mean a 
half-hearted rendition of the Star Spangled Banner.  A local junior 
ROTC squad marched in the American Flag and the North Carolina flag, 
while “I’m proud to be an American” played over the speakers.  Then 
we had both the Pledge of Allegiance and the Star Spangled Banner.  
Everyone participated, except perhaps those who had not quite yet 
learned enough English.  I was a good sight to see.  

After that, we could get down to the business of the night, the 
Tractor Pull!  The tractor pull competition rules are established by 
the National Tractor Pull Association.  Like everyone else in the 
New Millennium, they have a web site which explains it all.  Check 
out http://www.tpull.com/.  I had never been to a tractor pull 
before, so I didn’t quite know what to expect, and I never quite 
picked up on all the rules.  But I understood enough to follow 
along.  

It’s not a race.  They don’t use the entire oval of the track.  They 
just use the straight way in front of the stands.  They divide it up 
into two lanes and alternate the tractor pulls between the two 
lanes.  While a truck is making a pull in one lane, the other lane 
is being readied for the next tractor.  

The competition is not, as I had thought, about how much weight a 
tractor can pull, but which truck among the contestants can pull the 
same amount of weight the farthest.  There are several classes of 
“Tractors” too.  One class of tractor actually looks like a tractor, 
but the other classes of “tractors” are really heavily modified 
pick-up trucks.  As I understand the event, the pickups are divided 
into two-wheel drive trucks and 4 wheel drive trucks.  

It is unclear to me if any of the tractor drivers get corporate 
sponsorships or not.  One thing’s for sure, they plaster company 
logos all over the trucks.  They all sport nifty paint jobs.  To 
call these machine’s “tractors” requires a significant stretch of 
the imagination.  I’m sure that none of these machines has ever 
spent a day in an actual field pulling farm equipment.  These are 
machines designed from the ground up to haul tremendously heavy 
loads.  

The other interesting thing about the competition is that they don’t 
just dump all the weight on at once.  They add it on at a steady 
fixed rate once the truck has started.  After I thought about it, 
this makes sense.  If you put all that weight on at once, then 
either the truck can pull it or it can’t.  But if you add the weight 
at a fixed rate as the truck moves down the track, then you get to 
see the truck actually moving.  And you get to see the tires dig 
their way into the dirt as the load gets heavier and heavier.  You 
get to see the tractor slow down little by little as it tries its 
best to make it to the end of the 300 foot track.  It’s much more 
photogenic that way.  

So each truck takes its turn at the end of the track and pulls to 
the end of the track until it stops.  Then a laser aligned device 
tells the judges exactly how far the tractor pulled its load.  

Unlike many competitions, where the race starts out the same for all 
the contestants and the finisher ends in a blaze of glory, tractor 
pulls work the other way around.  There is a big difference in the 
way the various trucks make it off the starting line.  And you can 
tell right away whether the current truck has a prayer of making it 
to the end of the track or not.  But all the trucks end up the same, 
a dead stand still.  

Also unlike many other forms of sport, it’s vitally important that 
the tractor driver know when to stop.  Obviously the driver wants to 
take the truck as far as it will go.  But on the other hand, there’s 
a real risk of destroying your engine and transmission if you don’t 
stop at the right time.  So tractor drivers have to balance the 
competitive spirit against sensibility or they will ruin their 
investment.  I saw several trucks that night which had to be towed 
off the track because their engine had been ruined.  

As each tractor takes its turn, the host of the event would tell you 
the name of the driver, where he was from, and a little bit about 
their truck pulling history.  He would also tell you a little bit 
about the truck, how it was constructed, what made it different from 
the other trucks.  All of this would have been very interesting, but 
the roar of the truck motors tended to drown it all out.  

Like NASCAR racing events, there is tremendous car brand loyalty 
among the spectators and the hosts know how to use this to get the 
crowd excited.  The spectators might not know the driver of a 
particular driver, but if the tractor was of a brand they supported, 
they would yell for the driver like crazy.  In addition to the three 
car companies.  (Ford, Chevy, Dodge) John Deer and International 
Harvester were represented at the Tractor Pull.  As far as this 
crowd is concerned, no other motor companies exist.  

I did not keep count, but I bet there were about one hundred pull 
attempts that night.  And they burn a lot of fuel to go just a 
couple of hundred feet.  Soon the entire arena was filled with a 
hazy smoke that slowly drifted up into the clear October sky, 
dimming the full moon that happened to be shining that night.  I 
have never seen such volumes of thick black smoke spew from any sort 
of engine that quickly.  It gave you a good sense of just how much 
horse power was being produced in those engines.  

It’s almost as much fun to watch the drivers work on their machines 
as it is to watch the actual pull.  These are not machines you can 
go out to your local truck dealer an buy.  These machines are as 
unique as the individual that built them.  They are also as 
temperamental as person who made them.  Rarely did a tractor pull up 
to the starting line and not need some last minute adjustments under 
the hood.  When you think about it, this makes sense.  Some skill is 
needed to drive the tractor down the track.  You have to know how to 
rev up the power so your truck doesn’t flip over, you have to keep 
the truck going straight under the heavy load.  But the real skill 
needed for a tractor pull is not the driving skill but the skill at 
putting the thing together.  In order to successfully pull that 
amount of weight down a track, you need an extremely powerful 
engine, which can consume fuel and air at a much higher rate that 
normal machinery, and you have to have a transmission and suspension 
that is not going to buckle under that much torque.  

I thought I had nothing in common with these people.  I thought that 
I was in an alien culture.  I would not have imagined that I could 
sympathize so strongly with the tractor pullers.  As a software 
engineer by trade, I spend my days thinking about abstract concepts 
like “protocols,” “data models” and “object oriented designs” But as 
I watched tractor driver diving under the hoods of their tractors 
just before their pull it occurred to me that these men are true 
craftsman.  And I would even hazard a comparison between tractor 
drivers and software hackers.  

Tractor drivers build unique machines, pushing the limits of their 
craft in odd, interesting directions.  No two tractors are the same, 
yet they are all designed for the same purpose.  In a similar way, 
software hackers artisans of their craft, often inventing 
innovative, if odd, ways of solving the same problems.  Every 
software hacker has his or her own style that’s evident in every 
line of code they write.  Teams of programmers can often look at 
some code and tell you which team member wrote it, based on the 
coding style.  

The one big difference between software hackers and these tractor 
drivers is that the tractor drivers drew a crowd.  People paid money 
to see these guys display their wares and the results of their 
labor.  As the smoke drifted across the pale moon, I realized that 
my hand was instinctively grabbing at a monkey wrench that wasn’t 
there.  


=======================================
                 About Stuck In Traffic

Stuck In Traffic is a monthly magazine dedicated to evaluating 
current events, examining cultural phenomena, and sharing true 
stories.  

                      Why "Stuck In Traffic"?

Because getting stuck in traffic is good for you.  It's an 
opportunity to think, ponder, and reflect on all things, from the 
personal to the global.  As Robert Pirsig wrote in Zen and the Art 
of Motorcycle Maintenance, 

         "Let's consider a reevaluation of the situation in 
         which we assume that the stuckness now occurring, 
         the zero of consciousness, isn't the worst of all 
         possible situations, but the best possible 
         situation you could be in.  After all, it's exactly 
         this stuckness that Zen Buddhists go to so much 
         trouble to induce...." 

                   Contact Information

All queries, submissions, subscription requests, comments, and 
hate-mail should be sent to Calvin Powers via E-mail 
(powers@attglibal.net).

                     Copyright Notice 

Stuck In Traffic is published and copyrighted by Calvin Powers 
who reserves all rights.  Individual articles are copyrighted by 
their respective authors.  Unsigned articles are authored by Calvin 
Powers.  

                           Availability

The Web based version of Stuck In Traffic can be found at 
http://www.StuckInTraffic.com/ 

To subscribe to the free e-mail edition of Stuck In Traffic, go to 
http://www.onelist.com/community/StuckInTraffic 

                           Trades

If you publish a 'zine and would like to trade issues or ad-space, 
send your zine or ad to either address above.  

                          Alliances

Stuck in Traffic supports the Blue Ribbon Campaign for free speech 
online.  See http://www.eff.org/blueribbon.html for more 
information.  

Stuck In Traffic also supports the Golden Key Campaign for 
electronic privacy and security.  See 
http://www.eff.org/goldkey.html 

 ==================================================================


