When I started to love you, by kaia

        It all started when I woke up in the morning and rolled out of bed.
The first thought that came into my head, was, "MamNNpgg," because.  I can't
really think in the morning.  But that was my second thought.  By this time,
I was awake and realized that I've played the character for so fucking long,
that down to my very soul, my bery being, that, I've become the blue girl.
By this I mean that Ive cried these tears of sadness for so long, watching
beautiful red roses become wilted and putrid with thorsn protruding outward
from all side, even on the petals, I mean, my skin was really blue.  I felt
like a subverted.  It was like the time when you wake up and realize that
your a gigantic beetle.
        My next thought was the voice of my brain.  It was reminding me to
breath.  I breathed and I, I wasn't blue anymore!  I returned to normal
color, which is somewhere between puse and green.  Because I have scurvy.
Just kindding, actually I have jaundis (johnDiss ) and IT's yellow.  Just
kidding again!  But that reminds me....
        It was time to call my friend John.  One may conjecture that having
johndiss (jaundis) means that You diss your friends all that time, but not
me, because I am, the blue girl, and I couldnot' hardly talk at all, period!
Because, I could only say "uh-huh" and "ok" on the telephone with John
because I didn't haven enough air to make a noises through my larynx.  Why,
is because, for the next seven minutes I have forgoten to breath again.  I
HATE when that happens.  I love you, though, which is why I wanted to write
this letter, so you could understand why I said what I said.  I love you.
Please don't go.  But if you do, Doh!
