--(y0lk)-----------------------------------------------------------------------
y0lk #101: "global thermonuclear love" (creed)
--(y0lk)-----------------------------------------------------------------------

        it was another sleepless weekday night, and, as usual, alex was
sitting on his bed and talking on the phone.  on the other side of the phone
conversation was a girl.  her name was lauren.  alex had been talking to her
every night for about a month now.

        "alex, why are you always so silent on the phone?"
        
        "i don't know.  i'm just a silent person."

        "no you're not."

        "well, maybe i'm not, i dunno.  who cares.  i'm just in a silent mood
right now, i guess."

        alex had found himself in that conversation every night; sometimes
even a few times each night.  but he didn't mind... lauren was decent company.
and, as alex thought, he needed company.  he didn't really _want_ company, but
people told him he needed it.  everyone needs some company now and then,
right?

        "hey, alex, do you want to go to a movie tomorrow?"

        "sure, i guess.  yeah, ok.  why not."  alex didn't really want to go,
but he forced himself.  he had to get a social life.  he needed more friends.
more company.  he could learn to be happy with this.

        "ok, great!  i'll see you at 9:00!"

        "yeah, sure."

        there was a momentary pause, and lauren spoke.  "alex?  do you love
me?"

        alex paused again.  "sure.  yeah.  hey, i gotta go, sorry."

        "ok, alex... bye then!"

        "bye."

        alex hung up quickly.  he was relieved that the conversation was over.
it was always hard for him to talk with other people like that.  but soon, it
would all be worth it.  he'd have friends to hang out with, and he'd love it.
it would be like a new life for alex.  a rebirth.

        the next day at nine, alex arrived at the movie theater and found
lauren standing outside, waiting for him.  when he approached her, she gave
an enthusiastic embrace, and quickly grabbed his arm and pulled him over to
the ticket window.

        alex stood there confused for a second, and then spoke hesitantly:
"uhm, two for multiplicity, please."  the ticket vendor took his money and
handed him the tickets.  "thanks."

        lauren was attentive and engulfed with the movie within a few minutes.
alex, however, couldn't focus on it.  he didn't really like movies that much.
so, as usual, he thought to himself.  he thought about his social situation,
his personal situation, and his life in general.  sure, it was a little sad
now, but soon, it would all change.  it was all going to be better soon.

        just then, a rabid wolf ran through the theater door and attacked him.
within a few seconds his head had been severed from his body, and he was
DEAD!!!

        DEAD, DEAD, DEAD!!!  NO MORE ALEX!!!  MUHAHAHAHAHAAHA!!!!!!

--(les notes de samuraies)-----------------------------------------------------

        y0lk is back, after our long hiatus!#  (we were waiting for y0lk #100
to be finished.  it's not like we could release y0lk #100 as y0lk #105 or
something.  duh.)  so ... we've got some new changes!@

        hate the y0lk index and contact information at the bottom of the page?
well, we're DOING AWAY WITH IT!@  from now on, it'll be included only in the
file y0lk.nfo - all the information you need on contacting your favorite y0lk
writers.  (i DO have the "master email address" list of y0lk writers, if
you're looking for someone - just contact me (see y0lk.nfo!@@!  teehee!@)).

        umm ... other changes.  well, we'll probably make the e'zine "better"
somehow.  no more hoe #90 parodies for us!@!@  oh, no.

        so, read the y0lk.nfo file for more details (want to know about y0lk's
premier at a _real live museum_?!  read the .nfo!@

--(le fin de la file)----------------------------------------------------------
