+-------------------------------[ y 0 l k ]---------------------------------+
|  what is -going- on? hooch is -writing- a y0lk? hooch is -using- dashes!? |
|       yes, all of the above are true. welcome to y0lk number thirty.      |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
  ю-- look at the k-rad new ami/x dividers! -ды

whasup. yeah, yeah, i haven't wrriten a y0lk in a long time, i know. i've
been, well, taking a break? y0lk has been, well, sorta lazy lately. creed and
i haven't been putting out issues as quickly as we should - we've had quite a
lot of submissions lately. but i guess all of that comes with the territory-
it's not easy being -this- elite.

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
  ю-- you want a topic? I WILL GIVE YOU A TOPIC! -ды

ok, i'd just like to react to all of the zines i've been reading lately.
first off, the last issue of jonas was pretty cool, but i miss jonas.exe. it
was nice being able to pick and choose easily which articles you wanted to
read, and i think the format suited jonas nicely. the articles were pretty
cool, but is it me, or are a lot of the shit in there as immature and stupid
as some of the shit in y0lk? i mean, you read a y0lk, you -expect- to see
stupid shit, like how elite or stupid we are. there's basically no standards
for y0lks. that's why when people say they don't like y0lk, nobody cares. i
don't expect anybody to like y0lk. i mean, basically, it's mostly shit. some
of it is funny, though [like belial's group masturbation one, if you haven't
already, go download it, it's HILARIOUS]. but, anyway, there was a lot of
shit in there that just seemed stupid, which i'm not used to seeing in jonas.

ah well, it's still a pretty rad zine.

another zine i've been reading is pork. pork is pretty cool, it's a pretty
"different" zine from others. misfit [the editor] is a really good writer,
and although i think he's suited perfectly for y0lk, pork is pretty cool too.

[little note: that chick on wings is hot as hell]

there have only been three porks, i think, so i can't really comment
extensively about it, but it's certainly promising.

dto: well, i can't comment on that too. dto is just -too- proffesional for
my taste. it's like 1389479184 lines, and it's like stories and stuff. if
i wanted to read stories, i'd read a book. when i read zines, i want to laugh
about computer-related topics. although i respect dto's writers, it just
doesn't tickle my tushy.

call me crazy.

lastly, there's klunk. klunk is pretty cool, although belial writes almost
all of his shit for y0lk, now, it seems. seems kinda weird, i think it would
be cool if belial wrote strictly for y0lk, he's perfect for this kind of
zine. but, hey, it don't matter. as long as i can read his shit, i don't care
what he's writing it under.

that's about it for my zine reviews, i hope you enjoyed them.

[little note: god, that chick from wings is -really- hot. short skirt. woo]

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
  ю-- you want a net? I WILL GIVE YOU A NET! -ды

hey, you want a good net? join y0lknet. really. it's a rad net, and we're
getting new nodes every day. we have really cool conversations going, and
we have some -really- cool people posting. y0lknet is only four bases
[altough we -may- be expanding to five or six, soon], and that makes it rad.

to join y0lknet, call the y0lk whq at 201-762-1373, or the y0lknet whq at
908-224-8780. werd.

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
  ю-- you want a net? I WILL GIVE YOU A NET! -ды

hey, using the -same- header -twice?- that's unheard of. well, that's just
the kind of crazy, -wild- things you will read in y0lks. yeah, i know. take
a deep breath. i can wait.

ok, now that's you've got a handle on things. you know what pisses me off? i
think we're talking about it on either speednet, or y0lknet, i can't
remember. anyway, it's this. see, mindcrime, he's been running speednet for a
-long- time. and it's not really that active, and there aren't -that- many
boards in it. why not!? there are -so- many nets out there, and so many that
are just started every day, and you -know- they're going to die within a
couple weeks, maybe a couple months. here's a little note to you all. DON'T
START A NET WHEN YOU START A GROUP. if you're going to start a group, wait a
few months, and if it's still alive, and you've gotten pretty big, -CONSIDER-
starting a net.

but if you're looking for a quality net, join something like speednet. it's
established, it's quality, and you -know- it's going to be around for a
while. it's really a shame that people haven't caught on. speednet and the
likes deserve better.

+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
  ю-- INDEX@#!@# -ды

.s&$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$&s.
$ ## $                            title                            $ author $
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
$ 01 $ the other white meat                                        $ creed  $
$ 02 $ several k-leet hax0rs sitting around a campfire and groovin $ creed  $
$ 03 $ nuclear weapons, global destruction, op wars.               $ creed  $
$ 04 $ a young man, an infant, a yak... all living in sin          $ creed  $
$ 05 $ household uses for afghanistanian food                      $ creed  $
$ 06 $ pour cement down my anus                                    $ hooch  $
$ 07 $ hail santa!                                                 $ creed  $
$ 08 $ hasidism and sysops - a pair for the nineties?              $ hooch  $
$ 09 $ lunchables rock.                                            $ creed  $
$ 10 $ t-shirts and toejam                                         $ bedlam $
$ 11 $ nap-time - the dog prank - exclusive interview              $ hooch  $
$ 12 $ movie reviews [showgirls!@] - win95 vs. os/2 [sorta]        $ hooch  $
$ 13 $ straight outta' compton - dialchix - muh dawg!@             $ hooch  $
$ 14 $ i'm a tall, goofy, dorky, chink                             $ phorce $
$ 15 $ bedazzled by the eliteness                                  $ creed  $
$ 16 $ how to blow your nuts out with cornstarch and orangina      $ creed  $
$ 17 $ i am a warez pup - who are you?                             $ hooch  $
$ 18 $ lemmings                                                    $ phorce $
$ 19 $ the science of astrology                                    $ belial $
$ 20 $ the notorious anticlimactic bastards of the zine scene      $ cd/h0  $
$ 21 $ dUcK 54uc3?!#$!?                                            $ phorce $
$ 22 $ top 5000 reasons why i should kill myself                   $ creed  $
$ 23 $ citrus fruits for sale                                      $ phorce $
$ 24 $ group masturbation                                          $ belial $
$ 25 $ ethereal experiences for perverted pyromaniacs              $ creed  $
$ 26 $ catering for the warez eleet                                $ phorce $
$ 27 $ brief mental pause                                          $ belial $
$ 28 $ the army day camp                                           $ belial $
$ 29 $ the geek theory, hickies, and another long day              $ creed  $
$ 30 $ nets, zines, and that chick from wings                      $ hooch  $
`$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$'


     if you see your name on that chart, you are a y0lk member, whether you
like it or not.  if you are a y0lk member, you have a y0lk member board, et
cetera.  woog.

        mindcrime is an official y0lk member.
