                         _____/\ _____/\  _____/\
                         \  ___/ \  ___ \ \  ___/
                          \/ \   /\/   _/ /\/ | \
                          /  /  /  |\  \ / /__|  \
                          \  \  \__|/\  \\____   /
                           \_/    Y   \_/  Y  \_/
                            Y     !    Y   !   Y
                            !     :    !   :   !
                            :     .    :   O   :
                            .     .    .       .
                            o     O    o       o

                          Tha Ruthless 0rganization


ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                    Back from the dead and this time Evil
ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                                                                    May 3, `96



                     "Shut Up and Die Motherphuckers..."



                                ÜÜÜ ÜÜ  ÜÜÜ
                              ±±²Û²±Û²Û²ÛÜÛ²±±
                                Tha Ruthless
                                0rganization


                     Grin the Grim ?!??! (What)?!?!?!?!?

    When Night fell, the dusk returned with deadly winds from mighty hell.
Winds so evil that they sent painfull chills through the souls of young and
old. The evil that civilization once set out to destroy grew by ten folds that
night.  Soon, the bitter sweet blood spilled from the heads of new victims as
the clock struck its final hour. Men all over, began to tremble in fear as they
heard the loud havok arise from the dark corners of the streets.  The weak lay
there gasping helplessly for air as the evil began to eat away their souls.

    Oh ... so who is this strange man who tells us these tales of darkness? I
am one who has lived in this terror.  I am one who has been converted to the
new dark faith.  I have come from lands once known for their green beauty now
forever red with the blood of its own young.  I am the dark profit who wanders
the lands that soon shall be conqured and destroyed by the new order.  I am not
here to save you but to prepare you for the upcoming doom.  The darkness is
coming and the lights in your lives shall soon fade into the hidden night.

    Now where was I?  Oh yeah..  As the new found evil began to grow it rapidly
spread itself from soul to soul converting sinners to even a greater evil. What
a beautiful sight it was to see those who fought the force being ripped appart
from inside with such sweet disgrace.  I was ammused by the sight of this total
chaos.  Those who wanted Anarchy for the first time truely knew what it ment, as
they were torn to shreds by the masses.

    "There is your Anarchy my friend.  Too bad you weren't strong enough to
survive it."  I chuckled as my clothes became soaking wet from the blood of the
weak.

    Soon the evil began to control my every move.  I could hear the other
voices now speaking to me from within.

    "Hello, I never knew you were there before."

    "There is alot you must learn young one and all in good time."

    I started to realize that I was not one anymore.  I have become one with
the others who have followed the dark path of destruction.  Together we shall
soon assimilate the rest of this world into one entity.  Those who resist must
die but first suffer dearly for their mistake.

    Yes, we are strong and it is with this that I come here today.  I come here
to ask you not to resist the evil when the time comes.  I ask you to join us my
brother, my sister.  I ask you to become one with us today.  Those who will
fight us only will be destroyed.  Why have such a loss when you can just become
one with us?  Give us your hand and we shall spare you from the slaughter my
friend.  After all it is the only logical thing you can do.  The time has come
and soon the grim will learn to grin.
                                                                      -Gangsta


 ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ßß ß



                         ßİÜ Ü ÜŞß Şşß ßßİİ   Şİß Ü
                        şŞ   Û   İş  ŞŞ  İİ  Ş    İÜ
                             Û        Şßß   ŞŞ Üİ Üİ
                             Û        Û ßÜ   Ş  İ İ
                            ÜÛİ     İÜß   ŞÜ  ŞİÜ İ


 şşúşŞ şŞŞşŞŞşúŞşúşŞúúŞşúúúŞşŞşúşŞúŞúúŞŞşúúŞşşşşúŞúşúşŞúşŞúşúşúşúŞŞúşŞşşúúŞşşş


                 What Lies can be found in these Dark Pagez:
                                                           .  . Damn Pervertz
                                                         .
                                                     -o±o-
                                                       ş
             I.  Grin the Grim ?!??! (What)?!?!?!?!?  ß²ß  - Gangsta
            II.  Intro-Rant-Baseball bat.. hmm.       ß°ß  > Gangsta
           III.  Death Mine, Breath                   ß²ß  - Smurfette
            IV.  The Gift                             ß°ß  > Gangsta
             V.  It is heard in the Night             ß²ß  - Smurfette
            VI.  Reversed Roles                       ß°ß  > Caesar

                                               "Yeah Baby Yeah!"

 şşúşŞ şŞŞşŞŞşúŞşúşŞúúŞşúúúŞşŞşúşŞúŞúúŞŞşúúŞşşşşúŞúşúşŞúşŞúşúşúşúŞŞúşŞşşúúŞşşş

Burp.....   Damn Pig....   Shit Look Gangsta is Typing To Himselves Again...

 ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ßß ß 


                               ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ
                               ßTR0ßßßßßßßTR0ß
                               ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
                               ÜTR0ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜTR0Ü
                               ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                               TH'RUTHLESS0RG.

INTRO?:

    Guess who's back from the dead and pretty pissed off at the moment!?!..
Yes, it's the straight up loser that you love to hate.  It's good ol lil
Gangsta, jamming with his homies to bring you issue 7 of this mighty little
zine...

    "So say Gangsta, what the fuck took your dope smoking ass so God damn long
to bring us this shitty issue?"

    To tell you the truth, TR0 almost died there for awhile.  We had a few
internal problems with certain members not getting along with each others
anymore.  Yes, a few problems which since have been sorted out.  This is the
main reason why there has been such a delay in issues as of late.

    Like I said we are back and planning on staying and spreading our new
found evil around this world.  I like to personally thank all my homeboys and
homegirls that have supported this and decided to stay on so that we can bring
you this Yackity Smackity issue of TR0.  So with all this said I am going to
light up a cigarette and go on a rant a bit here.

- - ---- --- --- -- -- - --- ---  - -- - --  - -- - - - -- - -- - - - - - ---

    I have a Baseball bat but I don't play Baseball.  I just want to hit a
motherphukkker across the head and go ratt ah tat tatt...  Yeah, I feel bad ass
walking alone in the middle of the night excited from all the hype.  I wipe the
fresh blood off my bat as I go on my merry way.  Life is just so much fun when
you are in control of things you love to do.

    The important thing is that when you go out to kill someone is that you
look them straight into the eyes.  I don't care how you do the deed as long as
they know that you are the one responsible for it.  Murder just plain out
loses all its flavor when your victims don't know what hit them.  Be a man and
smile directly into their faces as you slay them one by one.  Afterall, It is
their right to know who is taking their lives.  You should have nothing to be
ashamed about.  If you are ashamed of the slaughter then obviously you are in
the wrong bussiness.  If not then show it and be proud of what you do.

    I personally like to get to talk to my victims before I decide to slay
them.  I like to befriend them and treat them like the best of friends.  Once
I have gathered all there is to know about them I'll cut the bullshit and slice
their throats thanking them for all the great times we had together.  Its
always a kodak moment when you see someone that trusted you dearly struggle on
the floor for every single last ounce of strenght they have feeling betrayed.
Backstabing is an art that is especially spectacular if you somehow managed to
become your victim's very own best friend.

    As for murder, it should never be made into a personal thing.  Doing so you
just makes you lose the whole point behind it.  The beauty of murder is to be
enjoyed and doing it out of pure revenge never brings pleasure to it.  Revenge
just isn't fun because your anger gets the best of you your feelings.  Murder
is an art and the use of anger will just blind your creative vision.  To me
obviously, random murder is the most wonderful thing in existence.  I just love
random violence.  I am a violent person by nature and would love nothing more
than to break your neck at any given chance.  Kill people without preference to
race, gender and age and you will become a better person.  Rich or poor they
all must go and the sooner the better for the rest of us.

    Boy, I do so get carried away talking about things such as murder...  I
just can't help myselves it seems.  It gets very addictive after awhile and I
am here left standing begging for more.  Oh great sexual pleasure how I adore
you.

    So, I stop in the middle of the street feeling the sudden rage build up
because I feel incomplete for some reason.  I just never seem to be able to
kill enough to satisfy my hunger for blood.  Slowly, I drop the bat as I smile
at this young hooker.  Looking at her I realize that she is just about my age.
I start a conversation with her feeling the need to communicate.

    "Yo, bitch you here to give me pleasure, right?"

    "Just as long as your funky ass has the money I really don't care.  So save
me bullshit cause I really don't rally need it."

    "Oh... I don't see why you would need money for what I have in mind but it
is perfectly fine with me" I said while holding my wallet in my hand.

    "Oh, great another strange one.   But hell I don't care I just have to earn
a living and really don't give a fuck about who I fuck."

    I started to laugh as the stupid slut kept speaking.

    "Earn a living?  My dear you haven't earned your living tonight.  You have
just earned your death my sweet child."

    Still laughing I grabed the sluty ass whore by her hair and started to
force her to come with me while her friend ran over to the payphone.
 
    "See my dear life is so much fun because you never know when it is your
turn to go.  It is one of the great mysteries of it."

    While the bitch was screaming and stuggling I pushed her down on the grass
beneath us.  There I gently put my lips on hers while I looked for a stone that
would be big enough to crush her skull.

    There it laid, large and beautiful reflecting the light of the moon on its
golden surface.  It was perfect for the job so with my right hand I grabbed the
slut by her hair and pulled her with me.  Then I smiled at her to try to cheer
the young girl up.

    "Hey, you might not make it into heaven you know but probably non of the
people I know will either.  So don't you see the beauty of this?  Can't you see
what art this truely is?  Soon you will not have to worry about the cruel ways
of this world.  Soon you will be at peace my dear.  this is truely a wonderful
moment for the both of us."

    No matter how wonderful I tried to make it sound for her she couldn't
understand the things I was trying to tell her.  I finally gave up on the bitch
and just flung the huge rock cracking her skull open, getting my clothes bloody
in the process.  Then I picked some flowers for the young girl and then dropped
the money she wanted on her chest.  I left but I knew for the first time in her
life she was resting peacfully beneath the beautiful moon without an worry in
the world.

                                                                       -Gangsta

ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß ß

    Morning comes and it is time for our Dark Smurf to sing a rhyme.  How cute
she looks, all blue and merry.  Wonder if she is a fairy.  No one could suspect
the things she thinks.  So careful now and listen in.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                               ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ
                               ßTß ha
                               ÜÜ
                               ÛRÛ uthless
                               ÜÜÜ
                               Û0Û rganization
                               ßßß

                             Death Mine, Breath

                                By: Smurfette

                                     ...


                   Or the waiting that comes in that hour,
                     Dance that Moon, the Sun, the Tide!
                   See the trickle of Joy abide in my eye
                           As I cast a life aside.

                    Alas! A Life! This terrible curse...
                        My hand set free and willing
                  Upon a pitiful, perfectly wretched self,
                 Stolen is pleasure from life gone spilling.

                       Hide the sanity, Mask the fear-
                          Murder in peaceful sleep?
                       Aye, I would not take for heed,
                          I stay to see them weep.

                              With grim I come
                         With beautiful life I go..
                     Is morallity that escapes me freely
                         yet I blemish, that I know.

                        Oh, the cursed, cursed rain,
                        The irony or dying Heavens...
                   It strangles me into this evil dragon.
                      Oh, the bloody mass I have woven!

                   The proper calling, What I do is wrong,
                         Is sick, insanity gone mad!
                 This mind that chases the taste of breath,
                        My purpose, my distant death!


 ßßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßßß ß

    Look I am such a loser that I wrote three things for this Issue.  I must
not have much of a life.  Go ahead and laugh..  See If I care.  Heh..  Not
really this next little tale is something that I wrote awhile back for an
English class long ago.  So listen up and enjoy because I know where you live.

 ---- - ---- - ---- - ---- - ---- - ---- - ---- - ---- - ---- - ---- - ---- -

                               °ßßßßßßÛßßßßßß°
                               °°°°°°±Û±°°°°°°
                               °°TR0°±Û±°TR0°°
                               °°°°°°±Û±°°°°°°
                               Tha°°°±Û±°°°°°°
                               Ruthless°°°°°°°
                               Organization°°°

                          "The Gift" - By: Gangsta


     There under an old building lay an old man.  He was asleep holding a hat
with a few cents in it.  Flies buzzed around his dirty head and landed every
so often.  He had two different kinds of shoes on his feet and one of his knees
was an infected by a wound.  Water dripped on his face every once in awhile and
started to collect on top of his chin.  His hair was styled in a funny shape by
the sweat which had build up on it over the years.  People walked by him and
looked away in disgust.  It was hard to believe that the foul smelling creature
was actually human.

     One day, as young boys were throwing rocks at the old man a caring woman
walked by.  The Children slowly stopped when they saw her put down her heavy
bags.  She was an older lady dressed in clothes older than the boys.
  
     She looked at the old man that was just laying there.  Her eyes started to
moisten as she noticed a huge red bump on his head.  She was so caring that
even the flies decided to leave the old man in peace.

    She put her wrinkeld old hand in her brown jacket and got out a torn five
dollar bill.  She then walked up to the almost dead body.  As she said a prayer
she dropped the bill into the black hat.  It slowly fell down and just when it
was about to land in the hat a small breeze almost blew it out.  The old lady's
face started to glow.  Then she walked back to her over filled bags.  She
slowly bent down and without anyone to help her she started on her way.

     As she left the flies returned and some water dripped onto his face.  The
sudden shock woke the old man up.  He slowly open his eyes as he heard his
stomach growl.  He looked in his hat and to his surprise saw a five dollar bill
in it.

     The old man's face started to light up as he looked at the bill.  Slowly
and painfullt the old man got up.  He started to limp down the street with a
smile on his face as he held the bill tight.  He could smell the cooking of a
fast food restaurant up ahead.  The smell got stronger the closer he came to
it.

     There it was his final destination and at last he had reached it.  Right
by the fast food place was a liquor store and with a smile he enter the store.
When he came out he had a bottle of Old English in his hand.

     That night he lay at his corner drinking the warm juice of the bottle.  As
the juice went down his mouth he thought that that was the most wonderful gift
a person could of gave him.  Meanwhile at home the lady was proud of what she
had done to help the old man.

ßßß ßß ß ß ß ß ßßß ßß ß ß ß ß ßßß ßß ß ß ß ß ßßß ßß ß ß ß ß ßßß ßß ß ß ß ß ßßß

    Once again by popular demand we have Smurfette singing us one of her
rhymes.  It is a crime that you guys don't take her serious for this smurf
bites.  Well lets look inside her Shroom and see what it is she is singing now.

--- -- - - - - --- -- - - - - --- -- - - - - --- -- - - - - --- -- - - - - ---

                               °²Û²° °²²Ü ²Û²
                                ß²ß   ²ß² ± ±
                                 ß    ß ß ²Û²
                                 Tha Ruthless
                                 0rganization


                  It is heard in the Night - By: Smurfette


                               The Sun is Evil
                               The Moon cries
                             Life is your demon
                              People are satan
                             Air is your misery
                             The Wind screams...

                               Hear the wails
                               Feel the pain..
                               Are you scared?
                               You should be.
                             But, I'll save you.
                              I'll protect you.
                               I am The Voice.
                           The Voice in the Night.

                                 The Voice, 
                            I know not how or why
                        Takes me from this insanity.
                     It lures me to tranquillity, Peace.
                            It seems like Heaven,
                              If there is one.
                          Does this mean It's God?
                              I wouldn't know.
                         I've never been to church.
                        It told me they were burned,
                          In the Sun's evil fires.
                           Is the Voice even here?
                               Don't say that.
                          I have to hear the Voice.
                               Where are you?
                          Don't you see I need you?
                                 I LOVE YOU!
                            I love you...please,
                             Please come to me.
                            Tell me you're here.
                                   Please?
                    Come to me, or I will come to you...
                                  But, How?
 
                                This is how.
                             And the Voice said:
                                    Jump.

ß ßß ßßß ßßßß ßßßßß ßßßßßß ßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßßßßßßßßß

    This next one is by TR0's newest member Caesar.  It is a tale of love,
romance and sex.  Ok so I am lying through my teeth here.  Its not like you can
hurt me so I pretty much say what I want to.  Hey, it is your fault for reading
these lines between the stories.  Got a problem with it?  Do something about it
then.  Like you can... Ha!  Well anyways listen up while I tell you this truely
sick tale written by a truely sick motherphucker.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 

                               ÜÛßßÛßßÛÜ
                                   Û  ÜÜÜ ÜÜÜ
                                   Û  ÛßÜ ÛÜÛ
                                 Tha Ruthless
                                 0rganization


                         Reversed Roles - By: Caesar




    "Shit!"  Tommy screamed as the cat jumped out of the road, "Thought I had
it that time.  Musta heard me coming or somethin."
     
    "When you do stuff like that it scares me."  The voice of his girlfriend
sounded like the screech of nails on a chalkboard to Tommy. "It was just a
tomcat looking for food, look at him, he must be starving by now."

    She always had to analyze things that he did and make shitty little
comments about them.

    "Why don't you leave me alone to do what I want?  I don't hurt anybody and
nobody seems to care except for you."  

    "Well sometimes you scare me with the things that you do, that's all.  I'm
getting worried about you.  Lately it seems like all you want to do is evil.
First that poor old lady and now this cat.  What's wrong?"

    Her voice was getting more annoying by the minute.

    For that split second Tommy considered pulling over his bright yellow '79
Camaro and wrapping his hands around Paula's pretty little neck until she
stopped moving.  That would shut her up for good.  But then he considered what
he was thinking and decided to wait for a better moment.

    "Why can't you tell me what's wrong with you?  I'm really worried."  Paula
said.

    "There's nothing wrong, why can't you believe me?  I'm okay, just sometimes
I wish that you would leave me alone."  Tommy said with that kind of agitated
sound that made Paula uneasy.

    "Oh, I do believe you, I was just curious that's all."

    All of a sudden she felt like she wanted out of that car RIGHT NOW.

    "Can you just take me home?  I'm really tired and have a test in first
period."  

    "Huh, oh, sure, no problem."

    Tommy knew that he was scaring her and that gave his this feeling of
dominance over her that he discovered he liked fairly well.  As he dropped her
off at her house he told her goodnight and all that stupid stuff and drove off
to go get drunk.  

    Later that night Tommy was so drunk that he decided to try and carry out
his previous plans to shut Paula up.  He didn't quite know how but he was going
to try.

    He slowly pulled onto her block and parked a few houses from her's so he
wouldn't look suspicious.  As he killed the engine he had fantasies of blood
pouring over his hands as he stabbed her time after time.

    He knew that she always kept her window open so he climb up into it.  He
had brought along his trusty Swiss-Army knife and he thought it good enough
to do the job at hand.  

    While he was approaching her bed she woke up.

    "Tommy.  What are you doing here?  You look drunk."  She said with a
frightened voice that drove Tommy forward.

    "Nothing, just missed you that's all.  Can't a guy miss his girl every now
and then?"

    Tommy then realized that he was getting off on this and he liked the
feeling.

    "Oh, I guess so, but why did you come here?  And why do you look that way,
kind of evil looking?"  

    "Oh, I'm fine.  Can I lay next to you for a while?  I'm really lonely and
just want to hold you."  Tommy asked.

    "That's fine, come on over here then."

    To Tommy her voice sounded more calm now and she seemed more confident than
ever.

    Tommy walked over to her bed and pulled back the covers to lay next to her.  

    "Can I hold you instead?"  Paula's voice was as sweet as Tommy had ever
heard it.  And it would be a better position for him to stab her anyways so he
accepted.

    She wrapped her arms around him and squeezed him tightly, a little too
tightly because Tommy was beginning to have trouble breathing.

    "Can you not hold me so tight?  I can't breathe."  Tommy said with a raspy
breath.

    "No, I don't think I'm holding you tight enough."

    All of a sudden she had him pinned down on the bed and was stripping his
clothes off.  

    This is gonna be great, Tommy though.  A fuck before I kill her.  How
charming.

    She had him totally naked and then produced some handcuffs. 

    "Turn over and handcuff yourself to the bed."  She ordered.
     
    "Okay."  Tommy said.

    He was uncertain how they could fuck in this position but he considered
Paula industrious.

    "Now spread your legs wide."  Paula said.  "It's time to meet my little
friend."

    Tommy didn't understand until he felt something going inside of his
asshole.  He thought it was a dildo at first but then he realized what it was
his Swiss-Army knife was being shoved up his ass blade first.

    "What the fuck are you doing?"  Tommy screamed with pain.

    "Come on baby, you'll like it."  Paula whispered into his ear as she shoved
the blade all the way into his rectum.  "Doesn't that feel GOOOODDD?  Oh yeah
baby, I love this."

    "Stop it please!!"

    Tommy was pleading and struggling.  It was then that Paula started to make
his ass a little bigger and bloodier with that knife.  

    "You know, it's amazing how many uses these things have."  She said in a
normal tone of voice.

    "You fucked in the head."  Tommy bellowed at her while she continued to cut
him.

    "Oh, now I wouldn't say that, just a little... special that's all."

    When Paula's parents got home later that night they discovered Tommy in
Paula's bed.  But they didn't recognize him.  His butthole was now about 7
inches in diameter, Paula had cut his dick off, and then shoved it up his ass
while he was still alive.

    She had also made him eat the blade of the knife that was in his ass while
she was masterbating.  She cut his legs and arms up pretty bad and then just
for the fun of it went and got the local cat he had tried to run over and left
the cat in the room with Tommy.

    The cat had eaten out his eyeballs, part of his ear, what was left of his
balls, and of course, his face.  The cops were cleaning this place out for
weeks.  But nobody could find Paula.

    About 20 miles down the road at a small hotel, a man and a young teenage
girl by the name of Frances were checking into a room.  It was the last time he
was seen alive again.

ß ßß ß ßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ß ßßßß ß ßßß ß ßß ß



                                [We Rule 2i4]




ISSUE 007 - ToP SeCrEt Perverted Issue                                Release 2
şşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşş
ş                       Tha Ruthless 0rganization 1996.                       ş
şşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşş
ş Violent in Public      2i4.494.io24 ş NegativLand              2i4.867.i9i4 ş
ş Underground GreenHouse iTS.PRi.V4T3 ş Psychosis                7i9.532.oo54 ş
ş Virtuosity             2i4.49i.6989 ş ( * ) ( * ) Don't Touch!! ( * ) ( * ) ş
şşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşş
ş              (c)CopyRight 1996, By TR0.  All Rights Reserved                ş
şşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşşş

                     "We Are Sicker Than You Are" - Gangsta

          P.S  -  I told you not to Touch you Damn Pervert! #$%#%^$!!!
