                           _____/\ _____/\  _____/\ 
                           \  ___/ \  ___ \ \  ___/ 
                            \/ \   /\/   _/ /\/ | \ 
                            /  /  /  |\  \ / /__|  \
                            \  \  \__|/\  \\____   /
                             \_/    Y   \_/  Y  \_/ 
                              Y     !    Y   !   Y  
                              !     :    !   :   !  
                              :     .    :   O   : 
                              .     .    .       .  
                              o     O    o       o  
 
                            Tha Ruthless 0rganization


ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                           The Dawning of a New Order
ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                                                                    JUN 1, `96

 

                 "Shut up you don't have the right to say that."




- -> - - - - - <- - - - - - -      CUT HERE F00     - - - -> - - - - - <- - - -


 

                          "Wise Werdz of tha Astrocreep"



 
    As you know i am the Astrocreep, a demolition style hell-American freak
etc....  Anywayz, whats up with all this censorship shit.  Does uncle sam
really think that if some 13 year old Gif Lord wacks off to a couple of pics he
downloaded from the internet that he is automatically going to become some sick
perverted serial rapist?  I dont think so.  And if some young Impressionable
mind reads one of our mighty TR0 zines will he become some evil minded murder?
We certainly hope so  >:)  but that is highly unlikely to happen.

    Mr. President is trying to play us like puppets and tell us how to live
our lives.  I say fuck him and all the buerocratic assholes that our tax
dollars are wasted on each year.  We were born into this world naked and should
stay that way since it is nothing to be ashamed of.  The problem is that some
tight ass puritans tell us that it is wrong to be like that. 

    Our problem is that we believe everything that they tell us.  Some fool
makes us believe that the shit on the ground is called grass but if we go to
some other fool's country they will try to tell us it is something else.  We
are told what to think and how to feel and it is all to the advantage of those
who control us.  I say we should regress back to the old days when people
weren't ashamed to be naked.  You need to stop listening to what other people
tell you and learn to be yourself.  Fuck cen#$%ship and fuck those who want to
enforce it.

                                                  -> -> -> AstroCreep <- <- <-


                                       
 ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ßß ß 

                                Our Propaganda:
 
		          ßÝÜ Ü ÜÞß Þþß ßßÝÝ   ÞÝß Ü
		         þÞ   Û   Ýþ  ÞÞ  ÝÝ  Þ    ÝÜ
		              Û        Þßß   ÞÞ ÜÝ ÜÝ
           	              Û        Û ßÜ   Þ  Ý Ý
                             ÜÛÝ     ÝÜß   ÞÜ  ÞÝÜ Ý
 

   i. Wise Werdz of tha Astrocreep........................... Astrocreep
  ii. Oh So You Are Elite Now?............................... Gangsta
 iii. Smurfy's Order......................................... Smurfette
  iv. In Regards to the Day the Government Outlawed Wednesday Son Of Goats
   v. Stand Up For Your Ideas................................ Cap'n J.O.N
  vi. The InfoNet............................................ Champion of Death



                                       
 ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ß ßßß ßßß ß ßß ßß ß




                           "Oh So You Are Elite Now?"




    Ok lamer why the fuck are you reading this motherfucking zine?  Don't you
know you are not elite enough to read something so k-radically elite as TR0?
Ha!  You are probably just some dumb ass loser that can only get access to the
local PD boards.  You wouldn't know how an elite board looks like because you
have never been on one.  Face it, you might as well just give up right now and
flip your little power switch off.  You will never be elite enough to read
this shit I type.

    Fuck this...  I am really sick of all this elite shit now.  I wonder what
makes people think they are all that in the first place.  Everywhere I go these
days I see some loser trying to be elite be it in 2i4, 8i7 or some dumb channel
on the IRC.  They talk all this shit and then start to play God by deciding who
they consider Elite enough to be able to call their boards or join their
channels.  It is just big joke to me to see these people in action.

    The funny thing is that there are just soo many people in today's society
that suffer from this delusion of eliteness.  Their little elitest attitude
makes them discriminate against everyone they meet.  I laugh at these loser
because in real life they are usually the guys that can not get dates on
Saturday nights.  Yes, in real life they are the ones that get discriminated
against.  To escape from all this they retreat behind their computer screens
and enter their own little world in Cyberspace where they can pretend to be
cool at.

    If you think discrimination is stupid in real life then you can see how
ridiculous it is in our little Cyberworld.  Elitist attitudes can be found
virtually in just about any of the subcultures that make up Cyberspace.  Lets
take a look at some of these losers that you may one day meet while passing
through diffrent parts of Cyberspace.

    Lets starts off with the good old elitist group called the Warez D00dz.
The members of this subculture spend their entire lives transfering and storing
illegal copies of software.  This is what makes a Warez D00d elite.  The pretty
pittiful thing about the Warez Culture is that it does not discriminate against
age.  You have a bunch of so called mature adults that are on the same mental
level that the 13 year old newbie pirates are on.

    Most Warez D00dz start out as regular pirates who want to get their hands
on the latest games available so the can play them.  Once a newbie pirate gets
on a board he downloads.  After downloading a certain amount of K they run out
of credits.  In order to keep getting warez in the Warez Culture you have to
start transfering files between boards to build up credits.  The the things is
that most boards do not want any old software and the more elite the board is
the closer its age limits will be to 0 to 7 days.

    Then it happens, they forget the original reason they started pirating in
the first place.  Instead of doing it to get games they get caught up in the 
file transfer thing and do it to be considered elite by others. This is a
sickness in cyberspace known as Warezdom.

    A Warez D00d hardly ever uses any of the software on his gigantic hard
drive it is just used for storage.  The bigger the drive, the more files you
can transfer and the closer the files are to 0 days the more elite you are to
a Warez D00d.  

    Now I am not going around dissing you because you are a pirate.  Anyone who
copies software illegally is a pirate and to say that I don't do it would make
me a hypocrite.  What I don't like about Warez D00dz is the attitudes that they
get.  If you copy software illegally because you need it I have nothing against
you.  It is when you do it to be elite to fit in when I start to think you are
wasting your time.  To copy software requires a minimum amount of intelligence
and should not be considered an art form.

    Artist belong to another group in Cyberspace and being one doesn't mean
you automatically suffer from Eliteness.  However there are many artists out
there that suffer from elitiest views too.  Many artists start out making ANSIs
for pirates boards to get leech access to warez.  It is this contact with the
Warez Society that corrupts many artists and makes them suffer from Elitness
like the Warez D00dz do.

    For many artists Elitness means getting access to `Elite' Pyrite boards
because the sysop decides to use their ANSIs.  They begin to judge each
others by what boards they have gained access to instead of the quality of each
other's work.  Pretty soon you have a bunch of artists making art not because
they enjoy it anymore but to maintain their elitness.  BBSing should be for fun
so don't waste your time on things that don't matter much.

    As I mentioned earlier elitest views can be found virtually on all the 
subcultures in Cyberspace and hackers are no exception.  I respect many of the
text works from the older day of hacking that are about Freedom of Information.
But, these days there are many hackers who have never even heard about things
like Un-Elite Boars or Freedom of Information.  In my eyes alot of them seem to
be discriminating just like the Warez D00dz they hate do.

    In my opinion hacking should be about Freedom of Information meaning that
information should be free and available to anyone who wants it.  This is what
justifies hacking in the first place.  Think of it as part of Hacker's Ethics
and it is a great Philosophy if you think about it.  Without it you are not any
better than a Warez D00d.

    The problem with many hackers today is that they don't believe in Freedom
of Information.  They discriminate and only share information with other
hackers who they consider elite enough.  What they forget is that many of them
had to start somewhere and without someone else sharing some of the information
with them they would not be as good as they are today.

    A recent example that I can think of is a group of 8i7 hackers who felt
like that there were too many shitty wanna-be H/P boards in 8i7.  An idea came
up and pretty soon it was posted asking the sysop of local boards to withold
BBS software so that there would be less wanna-be boards around.

    The problem with this is that this is witholding information from others.
It clearly goes against the rules of Freedom of Information.  I call it playing
God when a select few try to decide who is good enough to be able to run a BBS.

    If people would have witheld software when I got started in 2i4 I would of
never got to become a SysOp and people tell me that they like my board so I must
be doing something right,  How can you tell just who will make a good SysOp in
the first place?  I don't think it should be up to any person to decide
something like that.

    I hope my that the homies in 8i7 realize that it is wrong to withold
information because I really like the H/P Boards I called there but I have to
stand by what I believe in.  I let people know what I think and hopefully
someone will listen. =)  So I hope I haven't offended anyone but I go on.

    Recently I have decided that I would forget what everyone thinks about me
so I had my friend The Flaming Carrot make an ASCII for my board.  

-=---------------------------------------------------------------------------=-

   ,dS Sb, $$$$@Sb,      ,dS@Sb, ,dS      ,dS@Sb, ,dS@Sb, ,dS
   $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$      $$$$ $$$$ $$$$      $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$
   $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$      $$$$ $$$$ $$$$      $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$
   $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$      $$$$ $$$$ $$$$      $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$$S&ý'
   $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$      $$$$ $$$$ $$$$      $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$
   $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ ,dS$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$      $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$
   $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$@$$$$ $$$$      $$$$@$$$$ $$$$@$$$$ $$$$
   $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $Sý' $$$$      $$$$      $$$$      $$$$      $$$$
 ° $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ °°°° $$$$ S$$S $$$$ S$$S $$$$ S$$S $$$$ S$$S $$$$ S$$S °
 ± $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ ±±±± $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ ±
 ² $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ ²²²² $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ $$$$ ²
    `ýS@Sý' $Sý' $Sý'      `ýS@Sý' `ýS@Sý' `ýS@Sý' `ýS@Sý' `ýS@Sý'
     tfc^96

-=---------------------------------------------------------------------------=-

I display this sign proudly because I am not better than anyone.  I am me and
you should be able to be your own person.  Don't live your life for what others
think of you.  Live it and just have fun.  And now just for the hell of it I
will make fun of some of the other groups here not to discriminate =)

Elite Gif-Lord:  You only have 50 megs of Porn on your HD Loser?  Ha!  Thats
                 too Lame!!  I have over 200 megs of the latest Porno files...
                 Amen, Pass the Jello....

   Elite SysOp:  What?!?! Let Users on without having a NUP or NUV?  How Lame
                 can you get?

      Cool Guy:  I am going to get PP$ blacklisted off of all those boards
                 he got me blacklisted on by making them TWO!!!! ANSIs...

    Elite Zine
        Writer:   Write for TR0... Never! Ha! who the hell are these lame ass
                  motherphuckers anyways?

Elite Warez Dood:  What you want me to actually play the Games that I download?
                   What the fuck do I look like?  A Lamer?  Ha I never do
                   something so god damn lame like that.  Come back to me in
                   0-7 dayz or when you get to be more elite..

  Elite Hacker:  H0H0 Really guys I know how to hack VMS but I am just not
                 gonna tell you how...

Spider and Crimson: H311 W3z 31337 N0Wz SP1FFY 1z 0N 7 W4R3Z B04RDZ!!! WH0P@#$%


    Ok that was for fun and talking about Elite Boards there is one called
Anarchy Online here in 2i4 that will let you pay to be elite.  Ha, It should
be called Capatalism Online but you stupid motherpuckkers probably would never
know..  Fuck it I think I am going to kiss some ass now to move my way up the
ladder of eliteness.  Call me a Warez Whore baby....


                                                                     - Gangsta

ððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððð

    Oh me Oh my... What is that Dark Smurf up to now?  You always have to keep
an eye on Smurfette or she might try something like taking over the free world.
But anyways it is not like I can stop her...  I have recently been reduced down
to nothing more but her slave...  It is the Cookies... NO!! Control yourself
you can break free.. 43%@@$#%%$####$#  Er.. Never Mind SMurfetts Powers are too
great for me.  So fuck it and I let her tell her tale......

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -




                              "Smurfy's Order" 




    I just have but two words to say....  My Ass!!!  World Order is the biggest
fucking joke I've have ever heard.  There is something wrong when the most
idealized nation in the world is lead by a president who won office by giving
every gay motherfucker head.  Yeah he sucked off all of congress at once while
they each fondled each other and payed Clinton with our tax dollars.

    You want to know the real reason why Congress and the President are at
odds?  Clinton's ass has become too loose and now congress has to settle for
socks.  For some reason they find all the Hissing a turn off and have become
struck with fear after the accidental circumcision of Ralph Johnson.  When
Clinton generously offered his daughter to congress it scared the shit out of
them.  It placed many of them in theraphy screaming an repeating the phrase

    "Hair... cock stuck in hair..."

    I'll tell you how we could have a superior nation.  Congress o' Smurfs.
That's right, Smurfs!  Smurfs controling your every move and your every right.
Every girl would get a daisy for her hair and guys would be forced to wear no
shirts.  Everyday the young children will unite and stand in their classrooms
to pledge allegiance to the Stars and Stripes with the newly added giant shroom
detailed in the center.  While realizing their loyality to their little blue
forefathers they begin to sing.

    "Fa-la, la, la-la, la....."

    Then they would all frolic back home to their Papa in their little shroom
houses.  I Know, you're wondering where the Mama is.  Well!!! let me inform
you of the standard of Smurfican standard of living.  INCEST!!! Yes, incest. As
you all know from childhood, Smurfette was te only fucking girl.  That means
that every man would either become very compassionate w/ his blue, callused 
smurfy hands, or he would bow down to Smurfette.
 
    Yes, your President Smurfette and her congress of men.  If they don't
obey her, she will simply deny them sex until their hands turn little numb and
burn away from the friction of Masturbation.  Democracy my ass.  Smurfette, the
whore with all of America at her toes begging.

    No more President, who sucks worse than Hillary around Gore,  Giving voters
head to get into office.  No more sodomizing Congress to get $200 haircuts. Now,
I could start in on the Pope, but that's just too easy, kinda like slamming
Hootie and the Blowfish. Just remember that a whore in charge would keep everyone
much more happy, and if not, hell, just burn your house down. 


                                                              *$* Smurfette *$*

ððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððð

    Long ao in a land far away a young child was brought uup by goats.  Now
don't ask me how he got there because I am obviously making this up.  Back to
the story...  For years he learned the ways of the goats and lived life
peacefully.  Then one day he was 'rescued` by humans.  They brainwashed him
like the do all of us so he would fit in with society.  I wonder if it worked..

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



           "In Regards to the Day the Government Outlawed Wednesday"



 
                            i slept an uneasy sleep
                          on that sultry august night,
                          sweaty, tossing and turning,
                             only to be awakened by
                               the tv auto-news:

             ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
             ³ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿           ³
             ³ ³                         ü             ³    ##     ³
             ³ ³Attention!  The Government has decreed ³   ####    ³
             ³ ³ that from this point foward, Tuesday  ³    ##     ³
             ³ ³ 11:59 PM will lead directly, Without  ³           ³
             ³ ³ßintermission, to Thursday 12:00 AM..  ³    ##     ³
             ³ ³    Wenesday is now forbidden.  Any  * ³   ####    ³
             ³ ³ reference of any kind to said day is  ³    ##     ³
             ³ ³ hence illegal, and as such punishable ³           ³
             ³ ³by incarceration.  This is the word of ³  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ  ³
             ³ ³ the government, and as such the law.. ³ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ³
             ³ ³ REPEAT:  The Government has decreed ø ³ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ³
             ³ ³                                      ³ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ³
             ³ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ  ³
             ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                              it went on like that
                                for ten minutes,
                              then switched to an
                         upbeat version of the anthem.
                                two weeks later,
                           i was arrested for saying
                           "wednesday" at mcdonald's.
                         i hate the fucking government.



                                                           · · Son of Goats · ·

ððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððð

    That is the last fucking time that I sail with this psycho.  I wonder if
the asshole is even a Captain in the first place.  Ha! I bet Captain is just
his first name.  He looks like just another drunk loser.  Oh no!! the Sea
Sickness is getting to me......

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


                           "Stand Up For your Ideas"




    The end of the free world is upon us and a massive invastion is currently
underway.  We are on the thresholds of a new order.  An order that only
benefits those that remain 'Holier-than-thou`.  There is no need to worry
though.  It just means that we won't have to waste our time thinking about the
simple things like how to act, what we do, what to wear and what we LEARN.
This is it.  this is the end.  Once man stops thinking, he is no more.

     You see, we thrive on our imaginations and it is our imaginations that
motivate us to reach new hights, to attain a new level and ascend to the zenith
of our expectations.  Think about the massive leaps foward we took during the
Rennaisance.  Literature matured while at the same time complex machines were
created and religion refined.  Art created a whole new way of looking at life.

     For once in the whole history of the world man asked the question "Why?"
This is where man began to explore diffrent aspects of himself and the world
around him.  He asked such question like:  "Who am I?"  "What is this?"
"Why am I here?" and then "What is the meaning of life?"  The philosophical
answers to these questions had been forgotten in the mists of the Dark Ages.
Without warning, the new beginning ended three of the world's major monarchys.
     
     For Britan, France and Russia came a new order because the monarcy forced
too much control on its people.  They tried to claim the rights to control how
their subject thought.  Innocent people began to be persecuted for having new
ideas and wanting to control their own actions.  A battle-cry to "Revolt!"
spread itself throught the land.  People wanted to be free.  They were tired of
being told what to do and how to act.

     Martyrs for the cause like William Wallace and Joan of Arc battled unjust
and cruel rulers such as King Edward and Napolean Bonaparte.  It was beautiful.
The traditional feudal system came crashing like a tidal wave.  I use that
metaphor because the ripples touched other countries, causing a domino effect
to take place.  Reform spread itself around the world.

     History repeats itself and once again the government wants to rule your
lives.  It wants totalitarian control.  It wants you to act certain ways for
purposes that benefits itself.  The funny thing is that we are letting it win
this time around.

     Man has gotten lazy and misses the true meaning of life.  He no longer
thirsts for knowledge.  He wants everything to be served to him on a silver
platter.  "Books?  They take too long!"  The publishing companies saw this, and
so the "Condensed Novel" and cheats like Cliff's Notes were created.  This held
for a time, but then people found that reading ANYTHING at all took too long.
And so, all of history's most wonderful literature has been put onto audio
tapes.  Why read a book when you can have someone read it TO YOU?

    Then, for those who DO still read books, we have those wonderful editors
who get paid for censoring and deleting the ideas and thoughts of the author.
Anything offensive these days is thrown in the garbage, regardless of its
meaning or moral.  In fact, I'm sick and tired of this politically correct
bullshit.  I'm tired of these fuckers in congress telling us what we can and
can't say.

    We have words labeled as nasty, wrong, and inappropriate.  I'm tired of
making factual statements and being told not to say it because of the context
it was used.  If you say anything about one's religion these days, you're
practically tarred and feathered.  If you say anything about one's race or
origin, you're practically ostracized from society.  It doesn't even have to be
negative.

    Last week I was trying to tell someone (white) about a friend of mine, so I
said, "He's a black guy about 5'8'', and a little chubby."  He then proceeded
to say in a hushed whisper "You mean African-American".  I said, "Hell no!
He's a black guy!".  He then walked away apparently disgusted with me.

    People like that need to be doused with gasonline and burned.  Now I'm not
a bigot or a racist bastard, but when we live in a world where we can't even
refer to one's race or ethnicity without persecution, I feel like killing
everyone around me, just to teach them a lesson.  I'm sorry if it's offensive,
but God damn it, it's just a hell of a lot easier to say Niggers, Jews, Specks,
Queers and Honkies than all that politically correct bullshit.

    A world without ideas is a world without hope.  Who wants to live in a
world without hope?  A world controlled by one super-elite faction of
white-collar beaurocrats?  The method by which man expresses his thoughts is no
longer literature, but TV.

    Let's all help usher in the New Age (definite sarcasm) like a bunch of good
little Nazis...  C'mon everybody!  Let's all burn books!  Who cares if it means
that humanity regresses hundreds of years?  At least we won't have to think
anymore, and nobody will be offended!  Yea!  All we've worked for will be
flushed like so much shit down the toilet.  

    *ahem*  Well, that's my stand.  You got a problem with it, then go fuck
yourself...



                                    C.U.N.L.

                                                                  -Cap'n J.O.N.
             
ððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððð

        Guard your ability to think for yourself because others would love 
    to take this ability from you and control you. Do not compare
    everything to human standards and not to observe things that are not
    like anything you have experienced with a reference frame built from
    past experiences. If something is not American, it will not normally
    act American, if something is not human, it will not normally act human,
    so do not try to make it fit human standards.  Never let anyone restrict
    your thoughts, and never restrict your own thoughts.

                                                                        - C.O.D

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -



                                 "The InfoNet"




    Row apon row of houses sat, all the same color, all clean.  And at the
exact same time all the men came out of the house, got the paper, checked the
mail, and went back in.  Everything was the same.  Their mail, the newspaper
and their clothes.  Nothing set them apart.

    No one had a name, for if they did, they would all be the same.  Then the
mothers would drive the carfully the kids out of the garage and to the school,
where all the kids learned the valuable information they needed to live by.
They learned the schedules for their duties, why they must be the same as
everyone else and what they were expected to do.

    They all ate the same lunch, took the same class, and left at the exact
same time.  They all went home, did their homework using the government's
InfoNet that they were all required to use.  Then they spent the rest of their
time on the InfoNet learning about the past and about what evils happened when
people were different.  Everything down to the last detail was the same.  But
most importantly, everyone was required to have a computer and they all had to
spend time on the InfoNet, receiving government provided information.

    Then a kid had a thought.  Probably the first new thought anyone had for
generations.  He questioned why.  Why must we be alike?  When he asked, he got
the same answers that everyone got all their life.  He became frustrated after
days of this and began to question the government.  His parents began to worry
that he might be different.  They began monitoring him.  He was not allowed to
do anything without someone secretly watching him. 

    Then he met someone.  A girl who changed everything, for she thought too.
They began to talk about the society and of change.  Then one day, he went to
go to talk to her and she was gone.  He went to her house, and her parents told
him that she died in a horrible accident.  They would not elaborate.  He began
to worry when he noticed they did not cry about her death.

    He decided that if she died mysteriously, so could he.  He had to act.  The
first thing he did was be sure that he lost the people following him.  He did
not have much time, because they were experts, trained at finding people who
were different. 

    He found a computer in an alcove at a nearby park that no one was near.  He
had already planned exactly what to do.  He had been practicing it in his mind
for weeks.

    He logged onto the InfoNet and sent a message to everyone.  Then he
defeated the security that was never expected to be needed.  They caught up to
him.  An agent saw him working on the keyboard and called it in to his leader.
They radioed back to stop him at once using whatever means neccessary.  This
being what the agent was trained for, he raised his gun and did not even
imagine who he was killing.  He shot him, but as he fell, he pushed the send
command and the InfoNet died as he did. 

    They may get it fixed, but he had changed something, forced everyone to be
different in one fell swoop.  The agent walked over to console to see what the
kid was doing and saw the last message flashing accross the screen in big, bold
letters just like it flashed accross every other screen. 
                                



                                      WHY?
        





                                                                        - C.O.D


ðððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððð

                                            #
      [We Rule 2i4] <=== Label of Eliteness... suckz (Gangsta is a fake)
                ^
                +=== Actually it`s just an attitude problem.......
     #                       ^
                             +==== Why am I analyzing this?          #


ððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððððð


ISSUE 008 - R0dent is ah sick Warez D00d that Runs Lamerz Anonymous.... >=)

þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ                       Tha Ruthless 0rganization 1996.                       þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ Violent in Public      2i4.494.io24 þ NegativLand              2i4.867.i9i4 þ
þ Underground GreenHouse TiC.TaC.ToE! þ Psychosis                7i9.532.oo54 þ
þ Virtuosity             2i4.49i.6989 þ NARNiA                   2i4.6i8.3545 þ
þ The Hate Machine       2i4.602.i386 þ FTP.ETEXT.ORG            FTP Site ... þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ
þ              (c)CopyRights 1996, By TR0.  All Rights Reserved               þ
þþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþþ

                   "Politically Incorrect and Proud of It"

                           ²    P.S J/K R0dent =)
