
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Issue 13
Make the Media Your Bitch                           01/01/01
------------------------------------------------------------
I don't even know why we laud freedom of speech as such a
whiz-bang great concept in the United States.  It's not as
if most people in the United States use it.  To be frank, I
don't think most people in the States deserve free speech.

So what makes me deserve free speech?  You're looking at it.

It's all well and good that we have free speech, but it's
about time to exercise that right.  The most racist neo-
Nazi asshole with a Web site filled with the words "nigger"
and "kike" contributes more to society than a person who
believes in unity that keeps their opinions to themselves.

We truly do live in interesting times.  I don't remember
experiencing or reading about another time in history where
the average person has had so many opportunities to create
media.

If you're reading this, you really have no excuse.  The
Internet is filled with Web sites which teach you how to
make Web sites.  You could type some rants on your computer
or on a typewriter, print it, and Xerox that son of a bitch!
Written word not your thing?  Check out your nearest cable
public access station and make your own show.

Instead of whining and mumbling underneath our collective
breaths about the crap churned out by mass media, we can
create our own media.  A grass-roots media more substantial
and more powerful in its personal touch and feeling than a
hundred episodes of "Extra!"

In other words, have a Happy New Year and get to work, you
lazy fucks!  You're not going to let bastards like the ones
running the KKK's Web site contribute more than you, right?
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2001



