
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Issue 12
TCAHR wants to be your God                          12/24/00
------------------------------------------------------------
As this holy season falls to a close, TCAHR understands the
extreme bitterness with which most of you live.  All those
outdated gods have left you unsatisfied.  Sometimes all you
want is a few words--just a few words to get you through
whatever you're going through.  You need a god who's going
to communicate to you; a god you know is still out there.

YHWH, Allah, and Jesus might have failed you, but TCAHR
won't!  Yes, TCAHR wants to be your god!  We believe that
TCAHR is fully qualified to be your god for the following
reasons:

1) TCAHR is more than willing to tell you how you should
live your life.  TCAHR will exact a terrible price on those
who would break its rules and regulations.

2) TCAHR will consider all those who agree with TCAHR as the
chosen people.  All those who are not "the chosen people"
with be mocked, belittled, and prosecuted as an expression
of TCAHR's divine and all-inclusive love.

3) TCAHR will continue to promise rewards of a better world
for everyone who will follow its principles.  Whether it
will deliver is another matter!

I know what you're saying.  How is that an improvement over
all those other gods?  Well, it's like this:

1) Worshipping TCAHR instead of one of your established gods
will give you the opportunity to blame your misfortunes on
someone or something that is actually alive!

2) Unlike the Bible, Koran, Bhava-what-Gita-ever, TCAHR is
updated every week; proof that your god exists!  TCAHR
also has e-mail.  Finally, a god who answers back!

3)uh...TCAHR loves you?

Okay, there it is.   A silent, possibly dead/fictional god
to boss you around or TCAHR.  Hopefully, next year about
this time, we will all be celebrating a very happy TCAHRian
ascension-to-power day!

TCAHR will work on the name.  We promise.
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2000



