
           TCAHR - Better Living Through Memetics

Issue 10
CEO Progress Report 1                               12/09/00
------------------------------------------------------------
Much like Winston Smith's diary in "1984", this entry is for
the past and future readers.

The plan for memetic replication has been engaged.  In a
rare moment of excellent timing, this report comes in on the
heels of a new discussion board which is conductive to viral
transmission.  This board has now been used to garner
interest in TCAHR with success.

To continue the spread of TCAHR's ideas, I will continue to
promote interest in TCAHR by joining discussions and
advertising in places conductive to memetic incubation.

Concurrent with this strategy, the cyberspace point of
attack will be joined with a offline one.  Advertising will
be planted in areas which, much like the online ones, will
be conductive to memes.  While this phase of the plan is
centered in Chicago, those readers sympathetic to the goals
of TCAHR may join us.  However, TCAHR will not be
responsible for any stupidity such as our flyers being made
into stickers for "tagging".  This is, after all, a voluntary
and lawful revolution.

Tentative materials designed by TCAHR may be found at the
following locations:

Flyer:           http://www.virtue.nu/flyer.html
Banner:          http://www.virtue.nu/tcahrbanner.gif
Linking Logo:    http://www.virtue.nu/smlogo.gif

All graphics should be downloaded; not linked from this
site.

That's it.  I'll see you all in 10 articles.  We will now
return you back to your regularly scheduled strangeness.

Jet Jaguar
TCAHR CEO
------------------------------------------------------------
tcahr@hotmail.com                             Copyright 2000



