          __________________________________________________
         /                                                 /
        /              The Eternity Articles              /
       /                                                 /
      /         Act I, Scene v -- July 1995             /
     /_________________________________________________/
     \                                                 \
      \        Who am I?:  Sanjay Singh                 \
       \                   eternity@cyberspace.org       \
        \_________________________________________________\

     "I used a lot of quotes when I was young.  To make me
     sound mature, to make me feel like I wasn't the second-
     class entity that I'd always thought I was."  [Gerard
     Jones]

     Not too bad, that last issue pretty much wrote itself.  So I
figured I'd get a head start on the July issue.  Ha!  I wrote that
last line over a week ago, and here I am following it up on May
30th.  Joke's on me.  Oh well.   Let's see, what's new out here...

     I actually got this web thing sorted out.  Nothing too
special, I'm still trying to decide if I want to convert the text
issues into a prettier hypertext format.  There's not too much I
can do with it, maybe just have bold titles, instead of that ===
underline, but that's nothing really special.  Anyways, the address
is http://www.interlog.com/~vash/ so go there and poke around.  I
also tossed in a couple of links that I usually jump to, so knock
yourself out.  I'm pretty new to this web page thing, so if you
have any suggestions, then let me know.

     I've joined the working class again this summer, but that's
nothing special, and why should you care, so we won't go into
detail about that...  Actually, I guess not much is new. 
Subscriptions have tapered off, so now I'm getting about 2 or 3 new
people to join our little family every month.  Not quite the 8 in
two weeks thing that we had a couple of months ago, but still nice
to know we're getting some fresh blood (bwah ha ha).  Anyways,
enough of me wasting your time, I'm sure you could find ways to do
that on your own, on with the issue...


How I See Things
================
     I think everyone out there has their own personal ranking
system for whatever's in their life.  I've got a fair bunch myself,
so I thought I'd share a couple with you (this is actually a
pseudo-subtle way of introducing my big complaint, but for that
you'll have to be patient).

     Let's begin with music.  The scale here is pretty straight
forward.  We begin with 'junk, garbage, worthless'.  Groups/people
like Megadeath, New Kids on the Block, the very sneaky NKOTB (like
we didn't know it was the same thing), P.J. Harvey, Sonic Youth,
Pearl Jam, and Soul Asylum pretty much own this category with
everything they do.

     Next on the list we get the enormous 'radio song' level. 
These are songs that aren't really great, but not worth changing
stations or turing off the radio completely fit in here.  This is
where we put Live, Hole, a bit of Nirvana, U2, etc.  Not great,
maybe not even good, but not bad either.

     After that comes the ever popular 'good song' category.  Which
I'm sure you can figure out on your own.  Just to satisfy your
curiosity (if you were) this is where a fairly long list of what I
think are one-hit wonders (or even two or three-hit wonders camp
out in my brain).

     Finally rounding off the list we have the 'anticipation'
level.  To be here you just got to be good enough that I'll be
waiting for the next single/album.  To this select list we have The
Cars (of course, and yes I do know that they broke up, but I can
still hope can't I?), Type O Negative, Springsteen, Melissa
Etheridge, Yes, Sarah McLachlan, etc.

                            *   *   *

     We had some family over today for a barbecue.  I'm sure as
time goes on, you'll all know very clearly how I feel about most of
my family (especially since they come over almost every single
weekend over the summer), but that's really irrelevant here. 
Anyways, somehow I got to thinking about people.  I rank everyone
I know too, not that it's an entirely conscious decision, but I
like to know where I stand with the people I know.

     To start off this race we begin with the 'void'.  Meaning,
people that have no impact on my life.  This could be the people
that live across the street from me (although I had a crush on
their daughter a long, long time ago, but that's another story), or
anyone I've never met, or even heard of before, more or less, the
vast majority of people on the mudball fall here.

     After that we get 'concerned', which basically means that I
actually care about what happens to the person, but for the most
part I'm pretty neutral about what happens to them.  This group
includes most of you, and a couple of other people that I've
crossed paths with over my life.  Nothing personal against any of
you, but there's not too much I know about you, which means that
you don't get elevated.  I'll feel it if I lose anyone here, but
for the most part, they're not a big part of my life, and I'm not
a big part of theirs.

     'Loyal' is the next step on the ladder.  Anyone that I
consider a friend would fall into this category.  These are people
that I would do favours for without really thinking about it, I'd
also lend them money without thinking about when I'm going to be
paid back.  Most of my family falls into this category too. 
Actually, my family is pretty much split between this one and
'concerned'.  Yeah, a good chunk of them should even be in the
void, but they're family, so I guess you have to hide them
somewhere.

     By the way, before anyone starts to call me cold, or uncaring
about my family, let me just explain this to you.  My family is
HUGE!  I've got fifteen first-cousins alone on my dad's side.  And
when I say family, I'm not just talking immediate family either,
the way I grew up, just about anyone with even the smallest genetic
link to yourself was family.  I've got fourth and fifth cousins
that I see regularly.  For example, when my grandmother died last
year, we easily had 200 'family' members floating around our house
for about a week.  So it's not all that hard to dismiss individuals
(or even vast majorities) from the clan.  It's not really personal,
but I don't like to play in any of their reindeer games, and
they're usually not invited to mine.

     Back to the story...  Respect is next.  Now this is a big one. 
It's relatively easy to earn my loyalty, but to earn my respect is
something completely different.  If I value someone's opinion, or
actually care about what they have to say, then chances are that
they're in this group.  Prof. Zen is kind of in this group, as well
as a select group of my friends, and a couple of people that I've
met through the wonderful world of email.

     Finally we get trust.  This is the big one.  Think of it like
the trust game (where you fall back, and hope that some guy in your
gym class catches you, what fun!) but on a much bigger scale.  I've
learned that trust is a very painful thing to give out, and so not
many people have my trust.  When you get my trust, then you've got
it all.  If I trust you, then there is NOTHING that I wouldn't do
for you, at least that's what I keep on telling myself (no one's
really tested that one yet).  Not many people are up here, and most
of the people here, I don't even talk to anymore, but if they ever
come back into my life, then at least they'll know that they're
starting at the top.


Nickel & Dime
=============
     "Having money is rather like being a blond. It is more
     fun but not vital." [Mary Quant]

     What does a dollar mean to you?  To me it's just another piece
of change (up here it is actually a coin) and I don't really care
too much about it.  Maybe when you get ten or twenty of them
together, then you have something useful, but on their own, they're
pretty lousy.  You can't even buy one of those big packs of
Wrigley's gum, that I live off of, with it.  So what good is it?

     Now this brings me to my next point.  What's the point of
wasting 10 minutes in a store looking for whatever aftershave is on
sale, just for a measly dollar off?  Why ask the cashier to run a
price check when you find out the item isn't the right one, and is
actually $13.99 instead of $12.99?

     I just got back moments ago from work, and as usual my father
decided to make a 'couple of quick stops' on the way home.  Fine,
what can I say, no?  He's my ride home, if I want to play the game,
I have to stick with the rules.  That's fine with me, and I have no
problem with that.  So here we go, into the mall.  He goes off to
pick up some photographs, and I head over to the bank.  I come back
and meet him at the photo shop.  No big deal.  So then he decides
that he wants to get a pair of binoculars?  Don't ask me why, I
don't know.  We've had a pair at home that no one has used since
sometime in the 80's, and now he decides that he wants an astronomy
quality pair of binoculars.  And you'll have to trust me on this
one, he doesn't want it for looking at the stars, he just wants it
so he can have it at home.

     Fine, he goes looking for binoculars, and I head over to the
bookstore, which is across the hall from the electronic store that
he thinks sells binoculars.  So I find a book that looks
interesting, and head out to find him.  I look around and see that
he's in the bookstore looking at one of the front displays.  So I
trot over and meet him there.  He's looking at some "true crime"
book, that has a little stand in front of it that says $3.95.  The
sticker on the book says $28.95, so he thinks that this is a great
deal, and grabs the book.  Now remember that the stand was in front
of it, and ON TOP OF another book, which had a sticker that said
$8.95.  But he's too happy about finding a great deal that he's
already at the cash register.  Now of course the bill comes to
thirty something dollars (7% sales tax).  Of course, this must be
wrong.  So he gets the cashier to leave her little booth (or kiosk
or whatever they're called these days) and look at the little
stand.  She tells him that it was the wrong book that he picked up
and so he puts back the $29 book and picks up the $4 book instead. 
Now I'm thinking that he's just looking at the numbers here, and
not the books, but whatever keeps pops happy right?  Whatever.

     So now you're thinking, what does this have to do with
aftershave?  Well, I'll tell you...  Now after the bookstore, he
remembers that he needs, guess what.  That's right, aftershave.  So
we head on over to the drug store, which was just a couple of
stores away.  Now he's in the aftershave section, carefully
examining the selection in front of him.  I think that his brain
has just frozen up from the choice, and offer a helpful "hurry up,
I'm hungry."  This gets no response, so I come back with the
"there, in the top left, that's that Drakkar stuff you always use." 
Now his brain kicks into gear, and sees me, and responds with "I'm
looking for what's on sale."  The Drakkar bottle was something like
$24.  Which should last him for at least a month, so that's just
over 70 cents a day.  Hell, for that kind of money he could join
Sally Struther's Happy Band of Christians, or whatever they're
called.  But no, that's too much, so now he's scouring the shelves
looking for some 2 litre jug of aftershave for $1.99.  So of course
I offer to just pay the difference, if he'll just hurry up so I can
get home, partly because I just cashed my paycheck and was feeling
generous, more because I have to drive into work with him, so I'll
have to smell whatever he's wearing, and mostly because I WAS
HUNGRY.  Anyways, he finds some bottle for $12, and we trod on over
to the cash, wait in line for a minute or so, and then ring in
everything.  Now my dad realizes that the cashier is charging him
$24 for the bottle of aftershave, so now (and remember that we were
in a line, so there were also people behind us) he tells her, and
she has to call for a price check.  The price check girl comes over
about a minute later and says that it's $24.  So what does my dad
do?  He leaves the line to show that poor price check girl that it
was really $12.  So now the line is building, and no one looks too
happy.  I apologize to the cashier, and to this gorgeous girl that
was behind us in line, and wait for his eminent return.  Eventually
(I just gave up on looking at my watch, and was listing to my
stomach, which was desperately trying to get my (and everyone
else's) attention.  He comes up, tells the cashier not to worry
about it (it was $24), pays for everything else, and we leave. 
Yay!

     Now my question is, does it really matter?  Who the hell cares
how much it is?  $30 for a bottle that'll last you around a month
is a pretty reasonable deal, isn't it?  That's just a dollar a day. 
Who cares?  Maybe I wouldn't be this annoyed by this is I wasn't so
hungry, maybe I should have actually eaten dinner when we got home,
instead of rushing downstairs to type this little segment up, but
then where would the fun be in that?  Maybe I was just pissed off
because he was looking around for an expensive pair of binoculars,
probably just to show everyone that he had it, and won't bother
shelling out an extra 10 or 12 bucks for some aftershave, which
he'll actually use within the next year.  Maybe he won't be able to
show it off, but if it really comes down to it, and he really wants
the attention, he can just ask his secretary to come in and smell
him.  Actually, maybe that would just be a bad idea.

     Ok, it's an hour later.  I've eaten, and I just thought I'd
share a little piece of our (mine and my dad's) conversation over
dinner.  He actually told me that he didn't have any aftershave for
tomorrow.  I tried to do the good son (no reference to that
Macaulay Culkin movie was meant, it just worked out that way)
thing, and just told him he could use mine, but no, he insists on
using his own.  So I did the thing that anyone would do, I grabbed
an elastic band that was sitting on the table and shot it at him,
problem was that it left my thumb at a weird angle, and hit my mom
in the head.  But that's another story.


How To Make Education Count
===========================
     "Disillusioned with the public school system, a growing
     number of Canadian parents are sacrificing to send their
     kids to private schools, hoping to give them an
     educational edge."  [Victor Dwyer]

     This article stems from a discussion I had last weekend with
a friend of mine at a restaurant downtown.  Somehow our
conversation shifted to private schools, and from there to the new
'panic' about our schooling system.  So we came up with a simple
solution, that costs absolutely nothing to anyone, and is pretty
simple to incorporate into the university application process, and
all while downing a really good Caesar salad.

     But, to begin with, I'll open with my own little personal
horror-story from my collection that I developed while working at
the local Dairy Queen many, many years ago...

     One sunny afternoon in the summer, we were all standing around
(it was the start of the 5:00 shift, and the place was dead)
waiting for some customer to come in, so we could happily smother
them with attention, and to be the best gosh darn serving people,
we could be, because that's what minimum wage is all about!

     Anyways, this guy walks in, he was wearing a nice suit and
looked very respectable and responsible, and whatever else you're
called if you're wearing a suit, and remembered to shave that
morning...  So anyways, he comes in and since I was on till number
1, I got the privilege to serve him.  So, he walks up to me, and
orders a cone.  No ice cream (or ice milk which is what they call
it nowadays since everyone's so concerned about fat and whatever
else can hurt you), just a cone.  Fine, no problem, I ring up the
dime that it's worth, and give him his cone.  Now, what does this
guy do?  Pay, say "thanks" and walk out?  Nah.  Pay and just walk
out?  Nope.  He says "I thought these were five cents."  Well,
having finished my intense training week in the past month, I
respond with "no, it's 10 cents," because that's what it costs.  So
he tells me that he's only going to pay 5.  Fine, so I do what
every minimum wage counter jockey would do, "hang on, I'll get the
manager."

     Enter the manager, she tells the guy that it was 10 cents.  I
was impressed, and very, very happy that she backed me on this one. 
No "the customer is always right crap," she stood by me and took on
the guy.  This was a manager that cared.  This is a manager that
would make Richard Marcinko proud.  Anyways, the guy holds his
ground too, not even flinching.  Then after both sides arguing that
it was only over 5 cents, he points out "it's not about the money,
it's about the principle."  Now, whenever I hear that it's just one
of those things that I just shake my head at.  Kind of like how on
every single episode of every single talk show, some zeeb from the
audience has to point out that the entire problem could be solved
if person A had more self-esteem and person B has some self-
respect, just one of those things you say when you need to be heard
and think that no one's paying attention I guess.  (I later found
out that it used to be 5 cents for a cone, but they raised the
price, which I always thought they were allowed to do, but no one
told this guy.)

     Eventually, the guy gave up (score:  Manager 1, Customer 0)
and dropped down the extra nickel and walked out, not before
whispering to me to tell the manager that "she's got a big mouth." 
Ooooooooooh, well I guess it just destroys any sympathy that anyone
would have for him, but hey, sometimes you gotta get the last word
in, right?  Anyways, that's my little story, and now I'll show you
how it all fits into this restaurant conversation that I mentioned
at the top of this segment...

     Our discussion was a pretty simple one.  Like I said, we were
talking over our salads and we realized that there was going to be
a reasonably sized chunk of our graduating class that would have
had no such 'service' experience in their lives, and would be
recruited straight out of school.  Now we're not talking actual
'real' jobs here, we're talking about 'counter jockey' jobs.  Like
McDonalds, or Dairy Queen, or (in his case) a video store.

     We both agreed that if the Universities actually wanted to do
us some good, they should have a minimum requirement that you
needed to have worked in some kind of service industry for at least
one summer before being admitted to University.  Now the big point
against this, obviously, would be "how does that help you get a job
after you graduate?"  And the answer is, it doesn't.  At least not
in the way it should.  If I was hiring, I'd pick the lesser
qualified of two applicants (if they were pretty closely matched
and both were qualified) if they had spent a year flipping burgers,
over some kid that had just had more 'professional' jobs under his
belt.  Just because the guy that wasted a year flipping said
burgers, had to deal with a lot of shit from customers (which
anyone that has worked in the service industry knows there is no
shortage of).  This has an incredible effect on how you see things. 
It makes you a lot more patient and tolerant, because you've been
desensitized, since they've put up with so much, what's a little
more, right?

     You can actually see a difference between the people that have
served and those who haven't.  I've got friends that never worked
behind a counter before they got into university and they get upset
over a lot of small things.  On the other hand, I've got a friend
that worked at a Subway (the Canadian Mr. Submarine) for the past
3 years, and this guy is so laid back it's frightening.  All of the
petty problems in life just seem to roll off his back, nothing
really gets to him.  Of course anything big would, but everything's
in perspective for him.  He can wait in line for a day and a half,
and just stand there contentedly, not complaining, just relaxing. 
And don't say that that's because he's just a mellow guy, and my
other inexperienced friends are just a little high strung.  I've
seen too many examples to think differently.

     So why don't other jobs count?  Well, let's look at it this
way.  I've got another friend, who we'll call "Mr. Don't Rock The
Boat," for obvious (if you knew him) reasons.  His work experience
consists of being a dishwasher for 5 years, and now he's a computer
consultant in the summers.  So, we've got a guy that's worked for
about 7 years now, and all of them were either behind the scenes,
or professional, and he can't handle something not following the
plan.  We actually just got into an argument because he was telling
me that he's going to be dropping a course next year if he get's a
certain prof for the class.  Why, you might ask?  I know I did. 
Because the prof is horrible and evil, he actually makes them do
debates in class.  This is a deviation from the norm people.  This
teacher should be, nay, must be stopped!  Personally, I'd rather be
able to use the info that we learn in a debate setting, hell, it
sure makes just reading the textbook seem a little more interesting
if you know that there's actually a purpose to it beyond passing
the final.  And he's not the only person that I know is like this.


These Are A Few Of My Favourite Things...
=========================================
     I just love it when I hear the "don't blame me, blame ---"
argument that everyone seems to be spewing off about these days. 
If you've been reading this, then you might even remember the good
ol' "don't blame me, blame the conspiracy against black athletes"
theory that Benny-boy Johnson came up with in the April Issue
(Act I, scene ii).  So guess who I'm going to pick on this month? 
I'll give you a clue, to Yankee fans (me included) he's considered
a God, and if it weren't for DiMaggio, he'd be the greatest centre
fielder ever to come out of the Bronx.  Give up?  Here's Mickey!

     Addiction, used to be that it was your problem, now it seems
that it's everyone else's, except for yours.  Mickey was a
notorious alcoholic for over 40 years.  So now what happens?  He
gets liver cancer, go figure.  Now all of sudden, 2 days after he
goes into the hospital for treatment, they 'find' a new liver for
him.  The newspaper I have sitting in front of me right now seems
to think that the average waiting time for a liver transplant is 67
days, granted newspapers aren't the greatest for unbiased sources,
but they usually don't make up statistics.

      Now I think the first sign that something was wrong came when
Rush Limbaugh supported Mantle getting the new liver pretty
quickly,  saying that no one has lived a life "as pure as the wind-
driven snow."  Thank you Rush for pointing us in the true
direction, once again.  On the off chance that he is wrong,
however, I will assume that Mr. Limbaugh is wrong, and will try to
proceed with this as best I can...

     As far as I can tell, the company that found the new liver is
denying that any rush order was made because a living legend was
soon to be no more.  One of their trusty spindocs (or more
officially:  Director of Operations) claimed that "the computer is
totally blind as to whether or not you abused your liver," but the
article fails to mention whether or not, the people that sit in
front of the computer can make that distinction, but I'm sure that
was just a small oversight.

     Anyways, once again, I've gone far astray from where I
eventually wanted to go with this piece.  I had hoped to somehow
steer this in the direction of addictions, but I think any subtle
way of shifting back onto the track is beyond the current level of
caffeine in my blood, so I'll be direct.

     What I had wanted to do was to go into another one of my semi-
lengthy tirades about addictions, and then very cleverly tie that
in with obsessions, but I'm running low on time right now.  So it
seems that either I'll get around to finishing this off next month,
or I'll replace this paragraph with the new bit and you'll never
even know that I wrote all this.  Rest assured it'll be there next
month.


Say It Ain't So
===============
     Am I becoming one of 'them'?  In high school, my best friend
began to really hate one of his oldest friends.  Why?  Because this
guy started spewing off things like "Hollywood films are so
bourgeoisie."  We blamed the metamorphosis on the artistically
inclined high school that he went to.  And I'm not trying to imply
anything there, it's literally an art oriented school, you have to
audition to get in.  Anyways, that was the kind of garbage that
really pissed me off.  I didn't know the guy all that well from
before, but from what I picked up from our meetings, he definitely
had a superiority complex, and needed to have his ego stroked
constantly, even if he was the one that was jerking it off.

     Now, here I am.  Home again, after seeing Batman Returns, and
I'm beginning to think "well that was lame."  We're not quite up to
the fifty dollar words like bourgeoisie yet, but how far away can
that be.  Let's look at my track record.  Best movies I've seen in
the last year?  Fresh, Shallow Grave, and What Happened Was... (the
total cost for all three, we figure, was probably under five
million dollars).  Some of the 'less interesting' movies?  Batman
Forever, Blown Away (the Jeff Bridges/Tommy Lee Jones version, not
the one with the Cories, and just so you don't get the wrong idea,
I didn't see the one with the Cories), Just Cause, and Stargate. 
Hell, even Die Hard With A Vengance seemed to be missing something. 
Now I know I haven't crossed the line yet, thanks to Pulp Fiction
and Crimson Tide, but how far away am I.

     I know it's not Hollywood's fault because that hasn't really
changed much in the past 7 years (although that could be the
problem).  So is it me?  Am I turning into another Gene Siskel, or
have I just seen so many movies that everything is just another
'been there, done that'?
     

Plug Away
=========
     "We read advertisements... to discover and enlarge our
     desires. We are always ready -- even eager -- to
     discover, from the announcement of a new product, what we
     have all along wanted without really knowing it.  [Daniel
     J. Boorstin]

     Last month I tried to introduce you to Professor Zen and
ZenAnarchy.  I'm not sure if any of you took the bait or not, but
it was cast, and so my job was done.  I just receive my first copy
of "Cultural Debris" which was a beautifully put together ezine by
Dahven White.  This is more than just something to read, this is
something to reread and treasure.  This one is a keeper folks. 
Subscriptions are through an email mailing list only, so if you
want in you'll have to send mail to dahven@aol.com.  I've only read
one issue, but I'll ask her if there's a way to get back issues
(for me, but I'll let you know what I discover).  It even comes
with a little questionnaire at the end of the issue!

     Update:  Back issues aren't quite available yet, but she's
working on getting a web page.  If/when I find out I'll let you
know where it is.

     In her words:  "How I have longed for you without even knowing
of your existence!  How does a Big Mac long for its days as a
raging bull?  How do sun-baked plains long for the shade of mail-
wide flocks of passenger pigeons?  How do sagging breasts long for
their pert youth?  Answer these questions and you will begin to
know how I have longed for you.  You come to me like a Christmas
present on Groundhog Day!"  That still doesn't make complete sense
to me, but it makes more, now that I've read an issue.

     By the way, if you have a zine that you want plugged (either
as a writer or a reader) then feel free to let me know.  I'll see
what I can do.


Osirian Rhapsody
================
     "What happens when the lines between reality and illusion
     are distorted beyond repair, when the demons of
     imagination come to life and are hungry for souls? 
     David, a young professional, finds the bizarre answer in
     'Osirian Rhapsody,' 14,800 words that may make you
     explore those lines of reality and illusion!"  [Dan Kane]

     Well, in the last two days I've read five of the six chapters. 
It's pretty interesting.  Don't let Chapter One fool you though,
the rest of the story actually gets a little more surreal than the
first chapter was.  Anyways, an interesting story to read.  If you
want a copy you can send an email request to:  "selurti@aol.com",
or you can find Chapter One at my web page (it'll be there by the
end of the month at least).  Or you can find all six chapters at
the dEPARTURE fROM nORMAL homepage (courtesy of Louise Eris):  
"http://www.teleport.com/~xwinds/dfn.html".


Jesus Was A Vegetarian!
=======================
     "I have a page which I believe may be of interest to your
     readers.  It is based on the recently published medical
     book 'Iron and Your Heart' by Dr. Randall Lauffer.  It
     seems to solve a few of those 'little' mysteries." [Tom
     Hennessy]

     Last week I got mail pointing me to a web page.  Basically
it's a file that list some medical and even more religious reasons
to be a vegetarian.  It wasn't really my thing, but if you wanted
to check it out, the site is "http://www.nucleus.com/watchman/",
and is run by Tom Hennessy.  I gave the file to my sister (a
vegetarian for the past 4 years) to read, but she's asleep right
now, so I can't really get her input on it.

     It didn't really solve anything for me, but at least it was
something to read.  It was an appreciated effort, but not really
the solution that I was looking for.  But even if it doesn't work
for me, it still might be worth looking at anyways for you.

     That's all folks!  Talk to you next month.


Stuff You Really Need To Know...
================================
     Well if you have this then you probably know how you got it,
but in case this was passed on to you, then I'll just let you know
where you can find it.

ftp:      ftp.etext.org  /pub/Zines/WhyMe/

gopher:   gopher.etext.org  (follow the prompts)

web:      http://www.interlog.com/~vash/  (I've included a bunch of
          links to this page too, so it might be worth it just to
          poke around for a bit)

mail:     if you want a copy sent by mail then just send a request
          to me at the eternity address.  If you ask for a copy
          I'll send one to you.

subscriptions: Just send me mail, I'll add you to the list.  All I
               ask is that you let me know what you think about
               this 'zine, and you can even mention how you found
               out about it.  That's not asking too much is it?

Order of distribution:  mailing list, web page, ftp/gopher site

     As always, if you have a question, comment, statement, rant,
or anything, feel free to let me know.  There's always room for me
to improve, and there's always room for an extra page of filler.


Disclaimer
==========
     I take full responsibility of the overall content here.  There
might be other contributors (and what they say is their own
intellectual property), but what goes into this is my choice. 
Truth is subjective (if you believe something then to you it is
fact, and if you don't then it is fiction, simple enough?) so I
won't make any claims about honesty... believe what you want.  If
you're going to use something from here just make sure that you
cite whoever wrote the article.  If it doesn't say who wrote it,
then it's probably me.

     Still asking:  If you know anything about ISSN numbers, like
where I can get one, or what I need them for, or even if I need
one, could you please let me know... Everyone else has one, and I
want one too.  Thanks.

Sanjay Singh (6/25/95)
