The FEDERATION FLASH 
“Exploring the Frontiers of 
Miraculous Probability”
Issue #33; Summer 1996

Published by 
Starbuilders
P.O. Box 220964
Hollywood, FL  33022-0964
USA

Phone: (305) 927-7900
Internet e-mail: starbldr@gate.net

************ 

Starbuilders publishes “The Federation Flash” quarterly. It is written by
Evin and edited by Katrina, for those interested in living a miraculous
life. It is dedicated to serving the Force of Evolution.

Evin and Katrina are points of conscious Light in human bodies and serve
with The Federation of Light, a council of masters sourcing from different
dimensions, various locations in space, and points in time. 

Subscriptions: Send e-mail; say, "Subscribe."    

Starbuilders honors all beings dedicated to co-creating Heaven on Earth.  

“Starbuilders” is an outreach projects of the ULC.

**************************************

E-versions of Issues #31 and 32 of "The Federation Flash" are available
free upon request. 

Editors: Feel free to reprint articles within. Please give the following
credit: "Reprinted from "The Federation Flash." To receive a free copy,
e-mail: starbldr@gate.net. 

In this issue:

* Introduction: Phases of Dream-Time

* The Spiritualization of Matter, Part II

* The Mental Body - We're Not what It Thinks.

* Interactions and Their Effects on Models

* Service and Light

* "Models-R-Us" Wreak Havoc on Humanity!

* Pictures at an Exhortation

* Transcendental Realities

******************************************

Greeting to All! Life has been flowing like river rapids lately. What
follows is a brief history of what we’ve been going through. Life goes on! 


Phases of Dream-Time 

Phase Three

On March 10th, 1993, a radical event changed my life: an inter-dimensional
being walked into this body; I became a walk-in. When this entity arrived
- who called himself "“Zal-Zn" -– my life, up to that point, became like
a dream.

The original soul that had occupied this body from birth went back to
spirit. This marked the beginning of Phase Three.  (Phase One and Two were
the Being Saved and Waking Up stages, respectively.) 

For the next three years, I played host to a total of eight different
inter-dimensional walk-ins. Each time a new one arrived, the "“feel"” of
the previous walk-in passed into dream-time.

These eight different consciousnesses shared many valuable insights that I
still use. They also brought in a wealth of Light technologies. These
included The Orion Ascension Technologies and The StarSeed Activations. 

After three years of being walked into, the last walk-in walked out. Phase
Three had ended, passing into dream-time.

Unless I’m drinking deeply from the cup of hallucination, this experience
made me a more wise and more loving person. They showed me that living a
miraculous life and service to others is an effective way to serve the
Force of Evolution. 

Phase Four had begun. The original inhabitant of this body returned.
(Actually, a form of soul rotation occurred: The spirit of the original
inhabitant projected a different soul into this body – same spirit,
different soul.) 

Phase Four

Last summer, I received a vision: I was to serve in some new way (in
addition to the technologies). Two days later, I opened a letter offering
us the opportunity to start a Psychic Hotline. Ordinarily, I’d have said,
No, thanks. But because of the vision, I interpreted this as a sign from
God.

With the support of my team mates here at Starbuilders, Katrina and
Emmanuel, we incorporated a new project. We named it Blue Lotus Counseling
and founded it on spiritual principles. (In India, the blue lotus
symbolizes the highest spiritual purity.)

We use four spiritual principles to run the company: (1) follow your
spirit, (2) embody eternity, (3) stay in integrity, and (4) relate to
everyone as a point of conscious Light in a human body. (“Embodying
eternity” uses the universal principle there is nowhere to go and nothing
to do [except take the next step that your spirit directs].)

Our motto is, “A Spirit Run Company.” Spirit does run the company. It
operates like a self-feeding, self-weeding garden. Many counselors have
told me, “You know, I would never have worked on a Psychic Hotline. My
spirit, though, is directing me to do this.”

Apparently, spirit is supporting our work we’re growing fast. Spirit and
business can mix. If spirit can run our individual lives, then why can’t
our collective spirits run a company? We can extrapolate this idea into
larger collective forms.

Other aspects of the vision have manifested, as well. From our homes, many
of us join in meditation once a month. We explore and meet on other
dimensions, bringing back energetic treasures for the group. I'’ve
experienced my deepest and richest states of meditation at these times.

Also, both Katrina and I have become much more psychic, just being part of
this synergy. In our newsletter, I asked the other counselors if they,
too, were becoming more psychic. All who responded said Yes. One lady
called, shaken, because she’d suddenly discovered she was clairvoyant.

About the same time as Blue Lotus Counseling went on line, Katrina started
making ceramic tiles. (In Phase Three, Katrina also was walked into eight
times.) A financial partner appeared and said “go for it.” He invested in
a top-of-the-line kiln and every thing else she needed. Within six months,
she was exhibiting her work at the world’s most prestigious tile and
marble show. She had no previous ceramics experience (at least in this
lifetime). We live in a miraculous universe; anything can, and often does,
happen.


Phase Five

We’ll stay in Phase Four until spirit eases us into Phase Fivewhenever
and whatever that will be. We take one dream-step after another. One day,
unless a miracle happens (like an ascension), our mortal bodies will die.
This whole lifetime of Phases will pass into dream-time. 

Cosmically, I believe that life is the unfolding of dream-time phases. We
keep waking up from one dream into another. Then one day, collectively,
we’ll awaken to our true identity. We are the Holy Spirit, the spirit of
this universe, the creator of forms, or whatever you want to call it. On
that day, we’ll pack our collective/singular memories and sail back to the
Source of all universes. We’ll say,"“Wow, what a dream Phae!"”


**************************************


The Spiritualization of Matter, Part II

In Part I (see "The Federation Flash," Issue #32), we explored the
possibility that we are more than human. At the highest level of our
singular identity ("I"), we are tenth-dimensional Christed beings. (The
Tenth Dimension is an amalgamation of all spirits in this universe, yet
it is one being. It is Eternal Awareness.) As Christed beings, if we were
to evolve even slightly, the universe would - poof! - return to the
Creator.

Within this context, the Spiritualization of Matter is the Downward
Movement of Eternal Awareness into matter. Spiritual evolution is the
third- and fourth-dimensional struggle to realize that we are Eternal
Awareness. 

We concluded that the tenth-dimensional condition of "Beingness" is more
effective than "spiritual evolution" in the Spiritualization of Matter.
(The latter is more important when we are identifying with form. As
Christed beings, we use the universal principle: "Whatever we focus our
Eternal Awareness on will change."

Question: "As a tenth-dimensional being, I'm supposed to know everything.
I don't know everything. How can I be a tenth-dimensional being?" 

Answer: "The Force of Evolution and the Divine Plan are elements of our
tenth-dimensional 'Cosmic DNA.' Innately, we know everything. In the
wholeness of the universe, however, a grand 'Veil of Mystery' cloaks form.

[When the tenth-dimensional entity - as a single being - lifts that veil
completely, the Cosmic Day ends. The dream is over. We return to the
Creator.] "Our physical, mental, and emotional bodies are threads in the
fabric of the Veil. As a Christed being, your presence in the Veil
spiritualizes it." 

Question: "If I'm so great, why doesn't everybody love me?"

Answer: "Christed beings do love you [and tenth dimensionally, everyone is
a Christed being]. Most people, however, identify themselves with their
veiled aspects. It is the nature of veiled aspects to love conditionally.
Even the most celebrated, holy beings who had visited Earth were not
loved by everyone.

"When someone withholds love from you, it is not about you. It is about
the relationship of their veiled aspects to form. When we take rejection
to heart, we are identifying with form." 

As veiled beings, when we first try on our Christed identity, several
events take place. Overall, the energy may disorient us or even create a
crisis within us. We discover that we act in ways "unbecoming of a
Christed being." We think negative thoughts. Dark emotions engulf us. We
wonder, "How can I be a Christed being when I have so much wrong with me?" 

We act in un-Christed ways because, in our purity, we have come to Earth
to serve her. To do our work, we use what the planet offers us - an
advanced animal form, a human body endowed with Mortal Awareness. The
instincts of these bodies insist that we love conditionally, not
unconditionally as is our true nature.

We use a mental body to navigate down here. By its nature, it thinks
positive and negative thoughts. We are not, however, our mental bodies. We
use an emotional body to feel and to interpret subtle energies. By its
nature, it produces positive and negative emotions. We are not, however,
our emotional bodies. We use a physical body to ground our Eternal
Awareness on the Material Plane. By its nature, it must preserve itself,
reproduce, defend space, and maintain its position in a hierarchy. We are
not, however, our physical bodies.

If we identify with our bodies, then we will believe that we are not holy
beings. We will fail to be loving enough, and we will experience
unworthiness. How can we have the audacity to consider ourselves holy
beings? Spiritual evolution makes sense, because we wish to improve
ourselves; how else can we advance? It is the road we must travel. 

We may, however, identify with our Christed nature. We see the illusion of
spiritual evolution - noble as it is - as just another activity in the
Spiritualization of Matter. In this most mystical state, there is nowhere
to go and nothing to do. Collecting experiences, we watch ourselves
spontaneously happen. Whatever environment we are in, we add grace. 


********************************************


The Mental Body - We're Not What It Thinks

The mental body is our friend, yet we place many demands on it. We expect
it to figure out everything, which is asking a lot, since we live in a
miraculous universe. The planetary consciousness designed the mental body
(a bio-computer) to guide us while living in a material universe. It
functions as a model maker of Mortal Consciousness. Although we can't rely
on it for rendering the Truth, it serves us by constructing useful models. 
The mental body judges models in terms of the model's superiority; howe
ver, the value of a model lies in it's utility. 


Part I

The Mechanism

The mental body is not the brain. Shaped like a hat, it exists on the
mental plane and sits about two inches above the head. Some have broad,
sombrero-like rims, while others have cropped rims that flip downward in
the back. Their texture is like woven neural threads. Each is unique in
size and design. 

We accept the thoughts of the mental body as "me" talking. "My thoughts
sure do *sound* like me. . . ." That's why we identify with and trust them
so readily. ("If I can't trust my thoughts, who [or what] can I trust?")
We are not, however, these animated data. Instead, we are points of
conscious light, inhabiting material bodies. Some believe that when we
say, "I am not my thoughts," we are in denial. If, however, we really are
not our thoughts, then denying this is denial. 

Another approach is to identify with both the mental body *and* with
spirit. When the physical body dies, the mental body dies too, but the
spiritual body lives on. Using this approach, we must say, "a little part
of me dies"; existence takes on a country and western flair. 

Similarly, some say that by not identifying with our thoughts we shirk
responsibility. Are we, however, responsible for the hunger pang that our
physical body feels, or is it the nature of the physical body to become
hungry? Are we responsible for wanting someone to love us, or is it the
nature of the emotional body to want love? The question is, are we
responsible for the way that our bodies naturally function. (They have
their own agenda, usually based on survival.)

As points of conscious Light inhabiting these vehicles, we play a
balancing game. We allow the bodies to function quite freely. We watch
them, listen to them, guide them, and enlighten them. This is the process
of mastery. It effectively serves in the Spiritualization of Matter. 


Limitations

The mental body thinks in 3-D. Despite what anyone tells it - including
God itself - it will create a third-dimensional picture. That's why this
perceptual instrument has difficulty grasping other-dimensional realities. 

For example, when we dream, our astral body sends back information from
the astral plane. We see much weirdness: rubber-like telephones, cars with
square tires - you know the scenes. Yet, phones and cars don't exist on
the astral plane. The mental body translates astral (fourth-dimensional)
patterns into familiar (though distorted) third-dimensional images. It
processes information from all dimensions in that way. If we expect the
mental body to answer transcendental questions about life, expect the
answers to be lacking. The universe is, at heart, a paradox, which linear
minds, by their nature, cannot grasp.

Ironically, the mental body sells us the illusion that it somehow knows
"how it is." By stringing together beads of logic, it designs a pattern
and calls it "Truth." Because logic can hypnotize us, we mistake these
word patterns for reality. Oh, well.

Here's a parable. Imagine a child leaning on the rail of a boat. Adrift in
the middle of an ocean, the boy studies the ripples as they glide across
the surface. He is confident that he knows the true nature of this vast
body: "The ocean is made of ripples, that's all." He remains unaware of
the rich world that lives beneath its surface. 

(Something odd happens if we take this parable, flip it over, grab it by
the edges and stretch it. The ocean transforms into the universe - an
ocean of light - that is composed of light ripples throughout. The boy,
having transformed into a girl, says, "The ocean is made of ripples,
that's all.") 


Part II
 
The Care and Feeding of Our Friend the Mental Body

If we are practicing "positive thinking," we lay an extra burden on our
friend. Mental bodies produce both positive and negative thoughts.
"Positive thinking" is like mental martial law - only good thoughts can
walk the streets without having the brain police accost them. Accenting
duality, this practice increases the power of negative thoughts, by
granting them enemy status. Under less strained conditions, these feisty
loiterers would leave peacefully without a fight. 

At times, our bio-computer produces odd, disturbing, or unproductive
ideas; programming glitches do happen. (This doesn't include ideas that
lead us to explore the darker aspects of Mortal Consciousness or any other
area from which we could benefit.) For a quick fix, try this. When a
suspect thought arises, run an integrity scan on it. Does this data stream
increase contribute to living a miraculous life? If not, then stamp the
thought with the mental rubber stamp labeled "Pass." (Short for, "I'll
pass on this one. Thanks for the suggestion.") Continue with your life. We
don't have to be a slave of the mental body. 

More dastardly intrusions can occur: The Dark Forces can covertly infect
our bio-computer with "viruses." These destructive programs suggest
questionable courses of action. They fester doubt. They present full
screen, living color pictures of, say, how your partner is really against
you, and why didn't you notice how bad he was all along? Use the "Delete"
stamp in these instances, and let them go. 


Conclusion

The planetary consciousness has lent each of us a mental body. If we treat
our friend with respect, then it will serve us well. Meditating is a good
practice. It helps keep the mental body toned, focused, and centered.
Intellectual exchange and study expand it. Love your friend; let it
operate without stress.

The function of the mental body is to produce thoughts. We are not these
thoughts. Detaching ourselves from its internal monologue/dialogue is not
easy. The more we succeed, however, the more clearly we will see the
silent perspective of the Watcher - our true self. 


******************************************


Interactions and Their Effect on Models

Every time we interact with others, our models of reality are subject to
change. (A model is a reality filter - a set of beliefs, experiences, and
knowing that tells us what is real.) Some interactions have more impact
than others, yet all - even the negative - are valuable.

What follows are five kinds of interactions and the value that they offer.
Remember that this is a fluid model; one group can easily change to
another. 


1) The Rambo (tm) Exchange

Beings who use the Rambo Exchange are hard hitting and aggressive. You may
sense a dab of suppressed anger in their tone. They mistake their models
for The Truth. Believing that they speak The Truth, they appear
closed-minded. Rambo technicians are contrary: if you call it "up," then
they will call it "down." Pardon the generalization, but lawyers are
professional Ramoboians. 

Astrologically, these interactions function like squares and oppositions. 

Value 

Enduring a Rambo Exchange often benefits us. Psychic bullets may riddle
our emotional body, but these exchanges will test the integrity of our
model. If a Ramboian finds a weak spot, then his shots will punch holes in
it. If our model has integrity, however, we will leave the exchange a
stronger person. Our system has passed the test, for now. Pass or fail,
these interactions serve us. 


2) The Truth

For most people, interactions with The Truth are rare. The Truth is a
living being. Paradoxically, it is one entity composed of all individual
spirits in this universe. Viewed as one entity - a homogenized whole - we
know it as "The Holy Spirit." Viewed as a vast group of individuals, we
know it as "The Christ," "The Buddha" or any number of other holy names.
This is the state of Oneness. 

Truth is transparent and beyond all models. It may, however, speak through
all kinds of interactions. 

Astrologically, these interactions function like conjunctions.

Value

When The Truth touches us, it frees us. It can propel our models to new
heights. It can spark ecstatic insights and revelations. This Force also
can dismantle models that lack integrity, removing the heaviness of the
illusion. 

When The Truth talks through us, it floods us with grace. "We," if we are
embodying anything less than our tenth-dimensional aspect, are not the
speaker. Instead, our body feels the rush of Light. We radiate, filling
the room.

In a way, these interactions are similar to Rambo Exchanges: both test the
integrity of our systems, but they differ as well. A Rambo Exchange may
take any number of shots at you (depending upon the length of the
exchange), maybe hitting a few weak spots. 

You feel that the assault lacks love. By contrast, The Truth lovingly
touches the spot that needs restructuring. The faulty model crumbles.
Truth is a liberating aspect of Love itself. 


3) Chit-Chat

At one level, Chit-Chat, or small talk, is a social filler. "How are you?"
"Did you see Joan last night?" "What's for dinner?" 

Value

Usually, Chit-Chat does not cause radical changes in our models. It keeps
us in touch, like a social glue. In their own way, plants and animals join
in this activity with one another. Without Chit-Chat, life on planet Earth
would be sterile. 


4) Supportive Interaction

"Keep up the good work," "I like what you're doing!" and "Sending you
love" are examples of Supportive Interaction. They are warm and loving
exchanges. 

Astrologically, they function like sextiles. 

Value

Supportive Interactions are external confirmations that our models have
value.

The highest value of these interactions, however, is that they open
pathways: we can easily direct love, support, and gratitude back to the
sender. 


5) Civilized Exchange

We recognize Civilized Exchanges by the desire of individuals to share
their ideas in non-violent ways. We welcome aligned and contrasting
opinions. All models, if we compare them in their wholeness, will have
areas antagonistic to one another. Because of this, we can expect them to
clash at times.

Astrologically, these interactions function like trines.

Value

Civilized Exchanges are rewarding. With the sharing of new information, we
expand, trim, or morph our models. Sometimes we even drop our outmoded
ones. It is a pleasant and expansive way to commune. 


Conclusion

The way that we communicate evolves. The more we live in integrity, the
more The Truth will use us. Ultimately, we will consciously embody The
Truth. 

For now, most of us are civilized beings in animal bodies. By nature, the
spiritual body likes to be spiritual, the physical body, physical, the
emotional body, emotional, the mental body, mental. We have plenty to talk
about. 


**************************************


Service and Light

If we took an opinion poll asking what, in general, is the most effective
spiritual work one can do, many would answer, "work on myself." Working on
ourselves is a stage in a process. The process unfolds in several steps.

First, as Divine beings, we choose to incarnate into human bodies.
Second, we begin to identify with the different aspects of our bodies:
emotions, thoughts, and physical sensations. Third, after we identify with
our form, we forget our true identities. We then mistakenly conclude that
something is very wrong with us. Fourth, we look for a way to correct
this. Fifth, we find a spiritual path. Our path provides us with
techniques for working on ourselves. We are unaware of it, but we are
trying to become who we are. Sixth, we realize that we have always been
who we are - we have just been wearing an animal suit. Seventh, we begin
serving others. 


Working on Ourselves

Many Lightworkers become dysfunctional while trying to adapt to the
demands of the materialistic world. Working on ourselves helps us become
functional. The work pays off: our dysfunctional "old self," the one that
needs work, starts to transform; a functional "new self" begins to
emerge. Many beings interpret this as "spiritual evolution," but it is
not. From a spiritual perspective, the "old self" and the "new self" are
both illusions: Neither is the true identity. Instead, we are points of
conscious Light residing in human bodies.

Excessively working on ourselves is a bit narcissistic. At the end of our
physical life, we may ask, "What good have I done in this lifetime?" We
will feel empty if we can only answer, "I worked on myself." 

When do we work on ourselves? We do it when we feel bad or believe we have
behaved wrongly. "I feel bad" implies that we are identifying with the
physical or emotional bodies; "I did wrong" implies that we are
identifying with the mental body and with action. We equate this to
spiritual imperfection, rather than to archetypical, genetic, cultural,
and religious structural design.

         
Spiritual Evolution

"Spiritual evolution" is a picture of reality - a model. If we buy into
it, we buy into its parameters (because the universe rearranges itself to
accommodate our picture of reality). Being a prized sacred cow, we seldom
scrutinize the model of spiritual evolution: "It's just the way that it
is." Within this model, if we are to evolve, we must work on ourselves.
The next time that you work on yourself, be conscious of what you are
implying about your identity. Spiritual evolution happens to those who
identify with form.

As spirits, we are perfect; we don't need to evolve. Were we to evolve -
get closer to God - even the slightest amount, the universe would return
to the Source. God did not cast us out of Heaven. It lovingly created us
in a pristine, Christed state. As spirits, we then project ourselves into
form, where we collect experience. Our soul is the memory of these
experiences. Collecting experience is not spiritual evolution; rather, it
expands the possibilities for spirit to enlighten form. This expansion and
enlightenment is the Spiritualization of Matter. 


Service with a Smile

The model of the Spiritualization of Matter is an alternative to the
spiritual evolution model, but we must be grounded to use it.  One of its
methods is service. Although it demands a great focus of attention,
intrinsically, we all have the power to serve. 

If we are busy working on ourselves, however, the way of service may not
be viable. For example, many people work on themselves seeking to
strengthen their Personal Power. Personal Power is important for living in
a third-dimensional world. If we are recovering from playing the role of
a victim, we may not be ready or willing to serve others. We can mistake
service for co-dependency. We must first develop a secure psychological
foundation. 

The next time you catch yourself starting to work on yourself, try this.
Instead of thinking, "What's wrong with me? How can I fix it?" say, "I am
a point of Conscious Light. How does this emotional [/mental/physical]
information stop me from serving?" The answers will not come easily at
first. You are cutting new pathways of understanding. The information,
however, can lead to a new patterns of actions more in line with living a
miraculous life. 

Additionally, with consistent use, you create an entirely new framework
from which to act and interpret experience. 


A Tool

How can we serve? Do we have to do something miraculous or magical? Do we
have to join Greenpeace or the Peace Corps? How about following Mother
Theresa? A simple way to serve is available to everyone. Its exercise pole
vaults us over the top of our ego.
   
When you meet someone - anyone, even a family member - make your dominant
thought, "How can I serve this person?" Spirit will tell you how to serve
him or her in the moment. If you remain true to this intention, you serve
the Light in a very high and practical way. Give him or her your full
attention, the Light of your consciousness. (You can't fully focus on
another person if you are fascinated with your thoughts, emotions, and
sensations.) "Others" *are* the Light.

When we serve others, we cannot be victims, because we have a secure
relationship with spirit. We stay in our integrity. With this practice, we
can use the same tools of consciousness that we used when we were working
on ourselves. We don't use them, however, to save, fix, or evolve
ourselves. 

Instead, we use them to serve more fully. The distinction is not slight,
but radical. Service, from this perspective, is not weakening or
debilitating - it is powerful and fulfilling. If we sacrifice anything, it
is the desires of our egos: no big loss.

Service allows us to embody our highest aspect - our tenth-dimensional,
Christed selves - more easily. As we embody this aspect, we support the
Force of Evolution. We bring a little more love into the world, which
essentially serves the Spiritualization of Matter. 


*************************************


"Models-R-Us" Wreak Havoc on Humanity!

Everyone has an idea about why the world has so many problems. (Of course,
we all know at some level that the world is exactly how it should be. It's
part of the universe unfolding back to the Source.) Yet, at some point, we
all must wonder, "Why is it like this?" A time-tested formula exists that
can bring our opinion on this to the forefront. The formula is, "______ is
the root of all evil." 

("Money" is the classic answer, usually given by those without much of
it.) While talking with others, you can hear what they believe to be "a
root of evil"; it's who or whatever they determine the enemy to be.

Depending upon who we think we are, our answers to the fill-in-the-blank
question will vary. Here is an abridged list of popular culprits:
Communism, Satan, misused power, greed, ignorance, hatred, aliens, and the
perennial enemy, "Them." "Them" includes whatever race, religion,
nationality, or ideology that we consider a threat. From this list of
contenders, a common denominator emerges: All stem from models - our
pictures of reality, viewpoint, or subjective truth. 

(For a hands-on experience of, say, a racial model, ask yourself, "what do
I think about people with brown skin." The mental picture that you see,
plus any dialogue, is a model. For a hands-on experience of a religious
model, ask yourself, "what do I think about Buddhists.")

We must use models to make life meaningful. They organize action and form.
Our consciousness uses them to put structure on the raw, chaotic energy
field that we call the universe. If we are unable to interpret events
consciously within a framework, then someone may crudely call us "a
vegetable." Yet, even vegetables use basic models. The Planetary
Consciousness uses the DNA mechanism to encode models into plants. These
models give practical, third-dimensional advice. "I must successfully
compete for space or I will perish," for example. Handy. 

Humans have DNA encoded models, as well as religious, political,
philosophical, and archetypal models with which to contend. When models
clash, suffering can happen. Models themselves, however, do not cause
suffering; our attachment to them is the cause. 

When we become attached to a point of view, we place ourselves in a
tentative position. For example, say that we believe in Existentialism.
For us, the material plane is all that exists. We identify with, or
believe we are, our physical body. We base our life and actions on this
view. 

If someone said, "Oh, no, we are immortal spirits," then this would
challenge our very identity. The common response is to defend our
position. If we must defend ourselves whenever someone threatens our
position, then "attac hment to models is the root of all evil." We are
not, however, our position. 

If we detach ourselves from our models, does it mean that we're weak or
unwilling to take a stand for what we believe? No, we take a stand for it,
but we're not going to hurt anyone in defense of our model. This is
unnecessary, because we live in a miraculous universe. A miraculous
universe allows diverse and even (apparently) contradictory realities to
co-exist. The fabric of the universe is woven with paradoxes - its
metalogical threads knot the minds of man. 

For example, take the universal principle, "There is nowhere to go and
nothing to do, except the next step that spirit directs." We can live by
and experience the reality of this model. An equally valid model says,
"There are places to go and things to do, whether my spirit directs it or
not." Logically, one of these two statement must be false. 

Yet, if we understand the mechanics of each model, we see that both are
subjectively true. There are many other examples, like "Free Will" versus
"Fate" and "We need armies to keep the peace" versus "We need armies to
make war."  

(A person with decent skills in logic can argue convincingly for either
[or both] side[s] of the debate. If clever, he can develop an alternative
model.) By being open, we can experience multiple, co-existing realities.
(The universe rearranges itself to accommodate your picture of reality.)

Dropping our defenses, we can finally listen to what the other person is saying. We hear them from within the construct of *their* model. (Otherwise, we hear only distorted echoes of our own belief system.) This is understanding. Not only is this a servic

e to others, but we expand our own models, as well. 

If we are flexible, then spirit will flow through us easily, directing our
actions. After a time, we realize that the energy/consciousness flowing
through us is our divine self. When we embody that consciousness, we are
always secure in life. Regardless of how our emotional, mental, and
physical bodies interpret the situation - through whatever model they use
- we are at peace. 


**********************************


Pictures at an Exhortation


"Welcome to the Gallery of Nested Realities," says the pleasant, recorded
voice as you enter. "Please note two features of the works that you'll be
viewing today. 

First, each successive picture has a bigger frame than the one prior to
it. Second, if you look in the lower left-hand corner of each picture, you
will see an exact copy of the previous picture. For example, in the lower
left-hand corner of picture number two, you will find an exact copy of
picture number one. The artist has done this to provide perspective. Be
sure to capture each image in your mind's eye before continuing to the
next.

We hope you enjoy your visit."


Picture #1: "It is better to rule in hell, than to serve in Heaven."




Picture #2: "The rulers of hell serve Heaven."




Picture #3: "Heaven and hell are textures of the Force of Evolution."




Picture #4: "As a collection of spirits, we are the Force of Evolution."




Picture #5: Parents proudly displaying their child, named "The Force of
Evolution." 




You step onto the escalator. It brings you to the second floor, where the
final picture ("The-All-That-Is-And-Isn't-And-Then-Some") is not on
display. 


Picture #6:

The pleasant voice clears it's recorded throat and says, "As you may have
noticed, picture number Six is not on display. If it were, you would note
that it has no frame. If you could see the lower left-hand corner of that
picture, or any part of it, everything that you imagine that you are
would spontaneously disintegrate. For you continued pleasure and
existence, this picture will remain safely veiled until the end of the
universe. We hope you have enjoyed your visit." 


******************************************


Transcendental Realities


Introduction

What is important in your life? We usually choose from two broad groups:
materialism or spiritualism (although a third choice exists, as well).
Whichever we choose, that is our "primary reality." Primary realities
include our beliefs, focus, fears, goals, and morality. They shape our
actions. Our "secondary reality" is our less important, but perhaps
necessary, focus. An artist, for instance, may dedicate his life to his
art (primary reality). He must, however, eat, sleep, and pay his bills
(secondary rea lity). 

When we are asleep to our spiritual nature, our concern is material life
(primary reality). Our survival, our looks, and our status are what we
value the most. At best, we dabble in spirituality (secondary reality). We
may mistakenly believe that a material reality is superior to a spiritual
reality. Instead, each represents a different focus. Comparing different
focuses allows us to discern the characteristics of each more clearly. We
don't have to judge the other reality; contrast enhances clarity.

In the right moment, however, we awaken. Realizing the importance of
spirit, our priorities change. Our primary reality becomes spiritual;
material life becomes secondary. We may mistakenly believe that a
spiritual reality is superior to a material reality. Instead, each
represents a different focus. 

In a spiritual reality, we dedicate ourselves to service, healing,
spiritual evolution, or merging with God. In each of these pursuits, we
will either fail or succeed. Also, we must strive to do them.

Say our purpose is to heal. Several situations may arise. First, we may
work on someone and fail to heal them. Second, we may heal someone who,
for karmic reasons, shouldn't have been healed. This creates karma. Third,
we may try to heal someone who doesn't need healing; not everyone is
sick. These mistakes, if you will, happen, because *when we approach
spiritual purposes as goals,* we enter a dualistic reality. Our destiny is
to fail and succeed. 

Egos, too, can use spiritual work to their own advantage. It sees itself
as special when it gets involved in channeling, saves or heals someone, or
shares its "wisdom." Is there a way to transcend this duality and still do
spiritual work? 


Beingness

Many have shifted from a material reality to a spiritual one. Many more
will shift in the near future. We also can shift from a spiritual reality
to a *transcendental* one (after we have sufficiently explored the
spiritual). This shift causes major psychological changes. We may
mistakenly believe that a transcendental reality is superior to a
spiritual reality. Instead, each represents a different focus.

Transcendence - the state of *beingness* - can be our primary reality.
Beingness is a tenth-dimensional positioning of consciousness. We say, "I
am collecting experience. My secondary reality is service, being a parent,
healing, or whatever the Force of Evolution - my cosmic DNA - directs.
Being is enough. Being is; I Am." Collecting experience is how we, as
spirits, develop our souls. 

As spirits, we interpret experience cosmically, using a time frame that
spans billions of years - the lifetime of the universe. As humans, maybe
we have a five-year plan. Spiritually, our overview of life is almost
infinitely greater than that of our human form. 

When "collecting experience" is our primary reality, we don't need to
strive. Experience happens. We don't have to push or force anything. To
the Western mind, collecting experience sounds too passive. It lacks a
goal; it presents no challenge. (Is the "goal" of the sun to shine?) This
mental fetish is at the root of the West's spiritual poverty. We can't see
the subtle and expansive nature of this balanced state. Every
moment/experience is unique. Life is rich. Collecting experience does
sound easy. The mortal body, however, must make a concerted effort to
embody this perspective. 

Though collecting experience is our primary reality, we still have a
secondary reality - the material and spiritual projects that we have
undertaken. Our secondary reality provides the motive to act. It functions
as the yang aspect of life, while our primary reality functions as the
yin. We need both the active and passive elements in our lives; otherwise,
we are out of balance.

In itself, collecting experience has both active and passive aspects. We
collect experience while meditating - a passive state. We collect
experience when we speak - an active state. Every thought, emotion, and
sensory impression is either a passive or active experience that we
collect. 

Unlike material and spiritual pursuits, beingness never fails.
Transcendental pursuits/non-pursuits don't have the success/failure issue.
How can we fail to collect experience?

Is the point of collecting experience, though, to avoid failure and
struggle? Or, is the point to embody a higher state of consciousness? Is
the point to evolve our soul? Or, is the point to do it, because now is
the time to do so? I am collecting experience. 


Walls

When our primary reality is either material or spiritual, we must find
truth within the bounds of that reality. For example, Christians, Jews,
Muslims, Materialists, Communists, and Republicans all have dogma. None
consider reincarnation possible. 

For another example, say our focus is to save the earth. We will interpret
all related events within that context. "Does that person support or
undermine my cause? [If you're not with me, you're against me.]" A radical
alternative may never occur to us. What if the planetary consciousness is
using humanity to cause accelerated environmental changes. We couldn't
even consider this. (Even if this alternative was true, we, as conscious
individuals, would not intentionally harm the earth.) 

Say we have a project to do (like to put together a portfolio and then
meet with someone). If someone suggested, "There is nowhere to go and
nothing to do, except collect experience," we wouldn't believe it. We do
have somewhere to go and something to do. 

These are contradictory realities. Could, however, these realities overlap
- both be true? Yes, they could. Our project ("There is somewhere to go. .
.") is true; we have a task to complete. Projects (or visions) manifest
through time. All things only unfold, however, piece by piece in the
eternal moment. For that reason, the reality, "There is nowhere to go. .
." is true, as well. Destiny - as etched in our cosmic DNA - comes to us
when we are still. 

Transcendental reality is flexible. It opens a broad range of
possibilities and allows our vision to expand readily. Consciousness roams
freely from point to point. "Collecting experience" delectably erodes the
walls of expectation. We understand that for every picture of reality,
several alternate probabilities exist. Maybe the alternative probabilities
are secondary realities to us; but for others, they may be primary. 


Morality

As we collect experience, we don't judge ourselves or others. We allow.
This state is amoral, and God-fearing people will reject it. (How can we
fear a God who is pure, unconditional love? By inventing a God who isn't
pure, unconditional love. How can we love a God who is pure, unconditional
love? By inventing one who is. God is beyond human understanding. We must
invent Its characteristics in terms we can grasp - in our own image.) 

At the start, living amorally isn't easy. We fear that if we let go, we
might do wrong. Without moral guidelines, how can we judge our progress or
failure? If we haven't integrated our immortal consciousness (spirit) with
our mortal consciousness (human body) enough, then we aren't ready to
live an amoral lifestyle. We need the ability to greet our fears and
anxieties in a new way - not with fear and doubt, but with vision. Our
trust in our divinity must be strong. 

Amorally, experiences are neither good nor bad - they're just experiences.
The mortal bodies (the mental, physical, and emotional bodies), however,
may disagree. They have vested interests: they seek security, comfort, and
acceptance. If something shakes their security or makes them feel
uncomfortable, then they label it a bad experience. If something supports
these states, then they label it a good experience. 

To live an amoral lifestyle, we do need some kind of direction. Each of us
has our own "internal gyroscopes" that we can use. We call this device
"integrity." 


Integrity 

To be in integrity means that we act upon our inner truth. Much of our
psychological suffering stems from acting outside our integrity. In this
light, learning not to suffer sounds easy: find out what our inner truth
is and stick to it. Our understanding of our inner truth, however, is
always changing. Like a flower, our integrity unfolds. One day, we believe
something is true and important; the next day, it has no value to us. When
we act upon what was true yesterday, but false today, we move from
integrity. Are we wrong when we move from integrity, or are we collecting
experience? Can we note the experience and move on?

For instance, say we believe that the best diet - for us and everyone - is
vegetarian. We might try, in good conscience, to make people who eat meat
feel guilty for their non-spiritual, harmful ways. Then one day, we
realize that eating any living entity is harmful and creates bad karma. We
become a fruititarian. We now label vegetarians "non-spiritual." This
re-labeling happens whenever we embrace a new teacher, god, model, fear,
or practice. 

To live an amoral lifestyle, we must remain in our integrity; otherwise,
we will serve the Dark Forces, perhaps very effectively. 


Conclusion

Our mortal bodies create realities. These realities are material
expressions of our spiritual will. As spirits, we are formless. We peer
into form and enlighten it. The higher the model that we use in our
material reality, the lighter and more effective our expressions will be.

Beingness is eternal - I am collecting experience. In the state of
beingness, we can say, "I am here; yet, I am already home. The drama
unfolds as it should." 


*************************************


We didn't include the Catalogue Section in this issue. If interested, send
e-mail request for "Catalogue" (contains our books, tapes, and tools). 

Hard copies (and hard copy subscriptions) available for donation to:

Starbuilders
PO Box 220964
Hollywood, FL 33022-0964
USA


In Light, we are one.

Evin
Starbuilders
