The FEDERATION FLASH 
“Exploring the Frontiers of 
Miraculous Probability”
Issue #39; Winter 1997

Published by 
Starbuilders
P.O. Box 220964
Hollywood, FL  33022-0964
USA

Internet e-mail: starbldr@gate.net
WWW: http://www.lightwork.dk/Starbuilders
Phone: (954) 927-7900
Fax: (954) 927-7659

************ 

Starbuilders publishes "The Federation Flash" quarterly. It is written by
Evin and edited by Katrina, for those interested in living a miraculous
life. We support all beings in their quest of living a miraculous life. 

Subscriptions: Send e-mail saying "Subscribe." For hard-copy
subscriptions, write to the address above. Past issues are available at
our web page.

"Starbuilders" is an outreach projects of the ULC.

**************************************

If you are interested in our catalogue of books, tapes, and tools of
consciousness, visit our web page at the address above. 

Editors: Feel free to reprint articles within. Please give the following
credit: "Reprinted from 'The Federation Flash.' To receive a free copy,
e-mail: starbldr@gate.net." (If reprinted in hard copy, please use our
snail mail address.) 

In this issue:

* IROOT:NOT Update II

* IROOT:NOT Update III

* Judging Judgments; Thinking About Thoughts; Allowance

....................................

IROOT:NOT Update II

Three and a half topics: Extreme Feedback; 23rd Century Technology; The
Toe; Masters

Extreme Feedback

Since the March Update, we've had a stream of comments about IROOT:NOT
(The International Royal Order Of The: Nomads Of Truth). I'd like to share
a few extreme observations. 

On the negative side, I've heard that I "borrowed" about 368% of the
IROOT:NOT material from other sources. OK, I can live with that. Actually,
according to the "Friendly Borg Principle," NONE of the material was
"borrowed." The Friendly Borg Principle states *the IROOT:NOTian
Sub-Vector of the Force of Evolution doesn't borrow. It assimilates*. When
something is assimilated by the Sub-Vector, it becomes NEW, transcending
its previous boundaries. Miraculously, that which is assimilated doesn't
lose its in dividuality: *its individuality becomes enhanced*.

A friend made another comment. Paraphrased, she said, "You come across
like you're the center of the universe. You're full of . . . illusions." 
Well, she's right! As an ego, I am the center of the universe. Egos are
like that. In my divine aspect, I AM the center of the universe, as well. 
However, I attribute these qualities to everyone.

About the illusions part, *whenever anyone speaks (or writes), he or she
is sharing an illusion*. We use symbols - words, letters - to express our
*mental* interpretations of reality. AT BEST, this is a ONCE displaced
description of reality. When you believe that you're speaking The Truth,
you heap on yet another layer of illusion. (The forces of genetics,
religion, astrology, childhood experience, and culture shape our emotional
responses. These responses are the emotional body's interpretation of
reality. They "make sense" to us when we put them into thoughts. ["I'm
angry" or "I feel happy."] Circumstances trigger these programs.)

So, anyway, on the positive side, here's a roughly accurate quotation from
Rado (his spiritual name): "After I received my [IROOT:NOT] membership
card, the energies were very strong and disorienting, as you said they'd
be. Now, things have calmed down. It's like I'm seeing everything from
another dimension." 

"Searing" Paradoxes

An important effect of IROOT:NOTic energy is that it *sears paradoxes*. 
What does this mean? Paradox Searing is a 23rd Century post-quantum
technology - a vast improvement over the Sub-Nano Biotechnologies of the
early 22nd Century. Searing happens as the Sub-Vector ignites the process
of METAFUSION. This process seals paradoxical gaps of consciousness, which
surprisingly, "cures" the universe (of paradoxitis).

True believers of any movement or religion must "walk the line" so they
can "do it right." IROOT:NOTians, however, *surf the wave* and AREN'T
AFRAID TO FALL OFF while "hanging One." (In every moment, another wave
appears - *for those who can see*.) When we say "hanging One," we're
talking about hanging the *Toe*. The Toe is the IROOT:NOTian quasi-
equivalent of the Tao.

You can learn about the Toe in many ways. One way is to study the Nez
"Cones" - mind-wrenching riddles designed to short circuit your lateral
thinking nodes. Nez Masters (those who study the Toe for 18 hours or less
every day) invented the Cones. Here's an example of one. "What is the
sound of one band napping?"

Nez tells us that, like fingerprints, no two Toes are alike. Yet, the Big
Toe (The-One-That-No-Shoe-Can-Contain) is the driving transneural force
that animates all so-called individual Toes. With your Toe *hanging over
the edge*, you are IN BALANCE with the ur-Tide. Here's what I mean. 

The tendency of humanity is to choose a side, stick by it, and defend that
side whenever threatened. "I'm right, and you're wrong." Here's a graphic
example. Imagine the yin/yang symbol. The True Believer stands on the
White (or Black) side and staunchly says, "The White side is true.
Anything over the line is wrong." 

Thinking people look at this polarized attitude and wonder, "Hmm . . .
There's got to be a better way." Usually, they choose one of two
alternatives. 

First, you have the "nice" solution. You say, "Both White *and* Black
sides are true." With a little practice, you can prove that all "bad"
things are really "good" things in disguise. Soon, however, like a bottle
of Coke without a cap, this Yes-To-Everything solution goes flat. ("OK,
everything is nothing. What's next?") 

Becoming disenchanted, some try the opposite, "skeptical" approach: "Both
White and Black are wrong." All "good" things are really "bad." You can
inflate your self image even more by wisely stating "good and bad don't
exist." Although some relish the superficial power of criticism, Both-Side
Bashing can shrivel your heart quickly. Like a coarse blend of sand,
gravel, cement, and water in a tin bucket, the elements of criticism,
disappointment, egotism, and superiority harden into concrete cynicism.
So, where to go? What to do? . . . Ahhh, thank God (or Its absence) for
IROOT:NOTics.

Here's an IROOT:NOT alternative. IROOT:NOTians take the original polarized
view (of the True Believer) and put in their left hand. Next, they put
both the "nice" and the "skeptical" views together in their right hand.
Arms outstretched, they use them for balance. (Each of these three
attitudes has value.) Then, they hang their Toe across the sine-wave (the
curving line in the yin/yang symbol). By doing so, they allow THE WAVE to
MOVE THEM FORWARD. 

Indifferent yet excited about the outcome, they ride deeper into the
Mystery Curl *The Toe functions as their etheric gyroscope.* It keeps them
moving straight ahead in the right/left direction - spiraling upward. As
the veils lift, they realize that the Toe is their esoteric and hidden
*cure for redundancy*!

Masters

You have master musicians, master craftspeople, and masters in most fields
(including crime). You can earn a Masters in college. In Western religion,
Christians don't have masters. They have saints. (Christ's Apostles called
Him "Master." If others claim to be a Master, this might imply that
they're divine as well. ["I am the Truth, the Light, and the Toe."].)

In the East, you have spiritual masters. After achieving a degree of
whatever is important to the particular religion, the person earns the
traditional title of "Master." Some can do magic, some are kind. Some have
dark sides "the size of the universe." Each is human.

In IROOT:NOTics, you must earn the title of "Moster." (Or, you can buy the
Title AT BELOW THE WHOLESALE PRICE!) However, you never even MENTION your
elevated status to anyone (unless you want to). Your silence, of course,
dampens the ego thrill that the title can convey. Have you ever noticed,
though, the subtle "I'm better than you, because I'm so much more
spiritual than you" attitude? Sure you have! Imagine how hard it is to
resist this one-up-personship with the sign of Master - in softly
throbbing purple neon - hung around your ego.

An IROOT:NOTian Moster has surrendered to her Toe. IT leads her, not the
other way around. Her brain or emotions may say "right," but if the Toe
says "left," then left she will go. (Unless she really wants to go right.) 
Because of this, Mosters never contradict themselves. When they do,
however, it's because they are using different frames of reference to
describe something. Or, they have simply changed their mind.

Note: Some (even a couple of IROOT:NOTians!) refuse to surrender to
anything - to their Toe, even to the universe. They need to be "in
charge." With this attitude, you take responsibility for your actions. 
Because life is an experiment, we honor this path.

In transcendent (yet ultimately immaterial) contrast, some IROOT:NOTians
believe that the universe is a minor aspect of their greater selves.
Surrendering to the Toe opens doors *unreachable* to the "in charge" self. 

Nonetheless, a waiting-to-be-saturated "Instant Karma Mix" permeates the
universe. All decisions, wet with intention, saturate this karmic etheric
powder. And you must swallow the resultant drink - in this lifetime! The
good news? Yes, it WILL quench your thirsts! That's why Mosters live each
day as if it was their last. They know that someday THEY WILL BE RIGHT! 

No two Mosters are alike. Though they may diametrically oppose each other,
they LIVE THE UNDERSTANDING that they are each *both sides of the same
coin*. This explains why (in an obtuse way) Mosters don't usually care
what others *think* about them. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. 
(Negative thoughts about IROOT:NOTians usually stem from misconceptions
about IROOT:NOT Principles.) 

A Moster has integrity (most of the time), can tell the truth with a
straight face, and is forgiving (sooner than later). They live ordinary
lives, *except when they don't.* "Ordinary" and "Extraordinary" is yet
another paradox that IROOT:NOTians surf. They know that when they think
that they are "special," they are not, and when they *are* special, THEY
*are not*. (Shhhhhhhhhhh . . . This non-technique is an IROOT:NOTian form
of invisibility.)

Question Everything - Seek Balance - Stay Open.

.................................................................



IROOT:NOT Update III 

Sub-Quantum Shipping; Beyond Flatland; Bipolar Mind Fencing/Meta-Language;
The Expanding Toe; Time Shift/Secret Freedom; Sub-Vector Time Line; Quotes
& Notes

****************************

This is not for everyone. 

***************************

Sub-Quantum Shipping

Most IROOT:NOTian principles and text derive from The Book of Words. This
work was written in the mid-31st Century by the Trans-Temporal Alchemist,
Galsek Nofeld. Pre-subsequent copies of The Book have been published in
earlier centuries, notably the 23rd and 25th. The earliest fragments,
however, exist now in the late 20th Century. What luck! 

(As a side note, Nofeld believed that a "group magi" wrote The Book of
Words in the 57th Century and sent it back to him anonymously.)

In theory, transferring information back in time had been possible since
the 25th Century. Using Sub-Quantum Theory, "Uranamuses"  (Artist/
Scientists) predicted that *backward publication* was possible. Within a
few decades, however, theoreticians foresaw a drawback to this system of
communication. It was this: The further back in time that you sent
information, the more information you would lose.

Let me explain. In our era, science is still in its childhood (although
some say old age). It has set the cosmic speed limit to 186,000 mps - the
speed of light. Some scientists speculate that this limit might be broken,
but contend that *information* can not travel faster than light. Their
conclusion, however, doesn't consider the laws of "Sub-Quantum Shipping."
(Because they haven't been discovered yet.)

Sub-Quantum Shipping not only permits faster-than-light travel, but allows
us to send information "down the canals" into the past. In the mid-25th
Century, however, Jenheg Ronard accurately predicted a seemingly
insurmountable limitation of this system. Ronard postulated, "Whenever
you send information down the Sub-Quantum Canals, blocks of information
will *certainly be lost*. The longer the Canal, the greater the loss."
(Ronard's Axiom.) 

Later in that century, Zib Nobtip's "Inexplicable Principle" extended
that axiom. It stated, "You will not only lose information when Shipping,
but *it is impossible to know exactly why this is so*." (This explains why
we receive only fragments of distant IROOT:NOT texts.)

By jumping ahead to the 31st Century, we see that Sub-Quantum Shipping
becomes a reality. Uranamuses could now backward publish anything that
they wished. Unknown to them at first, the energy associated with this
technology was intensely radical. It stretched their consciousness. 
Uranamuses transformed into Trans-Temporal Alchemists.

Within a few years, the Alchemists nicknamed themselves "Salers." They did
this not because they were selling products or were in it for the money. 
(The pay was modest.) Rather, they were in the business of the
trans-temporal "exchange" of ideas. These ideas would "make change" in the
era that the Alchemists had targeted.

One of these changes was the invention of a new religion. "Salernetics"
altered most everyone's notion of karma. The Salernetics' bible, *You Can
Have It All - For A Price*, states, "Everything has a price, whether
you're willing to pay or not." 

*********************************************

"Beyond Flatland" (from "The Book of Words")

"You should know that The Big Toe - The-One-That-No-Shoe-Can-Contain - is
the Guiding Life of all so-called individual Toes. It communes with Its
Little Toes through the Force of Evolution and the ur-Tide.

"To experience life beyond Flatland, you must master both cosmic forces.
Mastering the Force of Evolution requires intent, the ur-Tide, surrender.
Succeed, and you will find balance. 

"I will share a mystical Truth usually reserved for Reverse Trans-Psychic
Bi-Locality communication. Listen and unlearn. Two temporal directions to
the Source exist. The active Force of Evolution steps forward, the passive
ur-Tide flows backward. Be there now.

"Stay awake, but don't try TOO hard. Your Toe will break virgin ground.
Seeds from beyond Flatland will fall into that ground. The waters of the
ur-Tide will nourish it. Your eyes will widen in wonder as the seeds
sprout. Fear not. You are witnessing the birth of something miraculous.
The New Earth is taking root - *within you*.

********************************************

Bipolar Mind Fencing; Meta-Language

Pre-chemist alchemists, distant foreshadowers of the Trans-Temporal
Alchemists, didn't intend to turn lead into gold. (Many wouldn't have
objected if they had.) They did, however, disguise their knowledge. They
used an esoteric language. Somewhat ironically, early IROOT:NOTians
("er-NOTians") chose to do the same. I quote from The Book of Words: 

"Er-NOTians, take note. Detractors will question your sanity, reverence,
and relevance (or at least your sincerity). They will daunt, 'So, you
think you're special, huh? Huh?' They do not know that *though everyone
drinks the same water, our cups are different*. Remember: They know the
difference between lead and gold. 

"Speak in tongues. Avoid unpleasantness. Floss daily."  

Er-NOTians used esoteric language not because they feared that Idolaters
would mock or burn them for their unorthodox beliefs. Rather, they
discovered that traditional mind structures *were the swords of Bipolar
Mind Fencing*. And that game - where winning was everything - was boring!

Bipolar Mind Fencing had several fear-tinged rules. One required players
to impress others. ("I'm nice/humble/different/blah. . . .") How horrible!
This behavior, though, was normal for this epoch (a.k.a., the
"Butwhadaboutme?" era). In all fairness, what alternatives did they have? 

Bipolar Mind Fencing seduced even the best psyches of the early Movement.
Like a hungry psychic vampire, the dynamics of this game would first
hypnotize its victims. The players would then believe that their IDEAS
were reality. They were seeing, however, only the dance of mental and
emotional shadows. Like a translucent film, illusions veiled reality.

Here's an example. Many believed "governments" existed. They'd have
opinions about them, some passionate. Yet, a government was only a
thought. Like the Emperor's new clothes, no one could see them. Only
buildings and people were there.

Bipolar Mind Fencing could be exciting, entertaining, painful, and
dramatic. To most, it was a life. It would, however, inevitably drain the
player's vital energy. Psychically anemic, they could not climb over the
*walls of their own making*. It kept them effectively imprisoned in
Flatland. 

The game remained fashionable well into the 21st Century until Mystery
Surfing replaced it as the Game of Choice. Once you learned how to Mystery
Surf and "Hang One," you'd see reality from another dimension. Some fell
off their boards at the sight! You'd watch humanity enslaving itself,
lashed to the stallions of emotion, passion, ego, and belief. (Some
Fencers argued that they weren't lashed to anything. Emotions and beliefs
WERE humanity, they said - a Flatland fact.) 

Q: "You said Fencing was boring. But isn't IROOT:NOTics boring, too?" 

A: "Sure, to some. Intrinsically, you can't describe IS-NESS - the real
estate of Everything. Consequently, whatever anyone does is only an
*example*. [We have good and bad examples.] Because each perspective of
reality is unique, even the most exotic pictures of reality will appear
dull to some. The most mundane will sparkle. 


"The moral, of course, is that there's no accounting for taste. 


"The Neo-Sacred Nez text 'The Eye Wing' crisply affirms this. 'It's a
life. No blame. No judgment.' " (The "Separate Destinies" Octogram.) 

Er-NOTians were as happy as a Capricorn in an office supply store whenever
they talked about life, the universe, and other things. They couldn't,
however, share *everything* with the uninitiated. They needed a secret
language. It would allow them to skip - like smooth, flat, smiling stones
- across Lake Banality (located two miles South of Mt. Babel).

Q: "Why couldn't they share *everything* with the uninitiated?"

A: "It just wasn't done."

Actually, they could shout these colorful clusters of symbols in a crowded
mall. They could tattoo them across the back of their shaved heads if they
wished. Some observers would say "cute." Others would frown. Some would
scratch their bellies. Those who *knew their Toe*, however, would
understand. They knew that the most exquisite wisdom comes carefully - but
not intentionally - camouflaged.

Truth transforms into a chameleon whenever It enters Flatland. While
visiting, it does need a hardwood floor on which to crawl. However, it's
the etheric, Mysterious Something that the chameleon emits and *beams
between the cracks* that is important. 

"The Mystic Scientist receives what she cannot take, but does not take
what she cannot recieve."  (From "The Eye Wing";  The "Dimensional
Osmosis" Octogram.) 

***********************

The Expanding Toe

Nez Masters say that the Toe is your grounding mechanism. It leads you
forward, sometimes sideways, at times backward, yet always upwards. They
say that it connects you to your Source.

Only your Toe can detect the Truth. Like astral radar, it protects you
from Twilight Magicians. These master manipulators cannot trick it by
conjuring emotions or thought clusters that *mimic Truth*. 

Although each "individual" Toe is *potentially* limitless, in practice,
each is finite. "In practice" means that your Toe is custom fitted. If you
were born male instead female, German instead of Canadian, or 5' 1"
instead of 5' 6", you'd have a different Toe. (Differences indicate and
define limits.) Other factors are at work as well. For example, being born
in the 20th Century - your temporal position - is a limit.

(This understanding has lead IROOT:NOTian Time Line Explorers to conclude
that we receive *simplified versions* of IROOT:NOT texts. To our future
ancestors, we're like Neanderthals trying to understand how a car works. 
They have to "dumb down" the information that they send us.)

Nez Masters are experts at reading the Toe. One of the messages they have
divined is that *there is nowhere to go and nothing to do, but we go there
and do it anyway*. (The Second Miraculodynamic Principle.) The Master,
Oben DaDormon, expands on the Principle in his acclaimed pamphlet,
"Falling Up." 

"The Second Miraculodynamic Principle doesn't mean that life is without a
purpose. Life could have a meta-purpose. Because our minds can only reason
exclusively, that meta-purpose will always elude us. At best, we catch
glimpses, but even these glimpses are symbolic - not reality."

As if to shed more light, DaDormon left us a "cone" (mystical riddle)
later in the pamphlet. 

"Where were you when God said, 'It's OK to ask Me for protection and to be
grateful to Me, *even if I don't exist*. As God, I can do anything.'?"

Like the living kernel inside a grain, the Second Miraculodynamic
Principle contains the Secret Freedom that Nez Masters don't possess. 

********************************

Time Shift/Secret Freedom

By the mid-21st Century, humanity began sensing the impact of the
Sub-Vector (and other meta-material forces) on reality. The media,
naturally, interpreted these changes from a strictly eco-sociological
perspective. Even as early as the late 20th Century, explorers on the
seeing-edge experienced the first wrinkles in the planet's temporal field.
Some believed that these wrinkles were like contractions signaling the
birth of a planetary ascension. It was easy to misin terpret these
signals. They were new, exciting, and powerful. Surely, something BIG
would soon happen. 


As it turned out, the Plan was to shift the temporal field *gradually*.
This allowed the species to acclimate themselves to the new energetic
environment, rather than become extinct. 

(Note: Some futuristic texts, especially those dated between 2751-2765 AD,
claimed that Earth *did ascend* in the year 2121 AD. IROOT:NOT scholars
have concluded, however, that Meta-Trans-Temporal Alchemists from a
parallel Earth [that *did ascend* then] inadvertently sent these ascension
texts to us. [They were sending the information down THEIR time line.]

Apparently, the unpredictable currents of the ur-Tide diverted the
messages into our universe. Nobtip's "Inexplicable Principal" had also
predicted this probability. He called it "misdirected mail." The inability
of the Meta-Trans-Temporal Alchemists to control ur-Tide currents
fortified his "Inexplicable Principal" considerably.) 

Beginning in the early 20th Century, Sub-Vector energy increasingly seeped
into our dimension. (Albert Einstein, an eminent pre-er-NOTian, was a
powerful channel of this force.) The energy reached critical mass in the
31st Century. Mungks from the IROOT:NOT Secret Freedom Non-School had
been channeling Sub-Vector energy for millenniums. They were the first to
leap. Shedding their Sub-Quantum skin, they climbed from their cocoons,
emerging in the world of Secret Freedom. They were stunned. The radiance
of their wings was brilliant beyond imagination. They jumped and flew
above the world of kaleidoscope lies. Yet, they never forgot that they
were part of the multi-textured tapestry they called The Point.

Secret Freedom is more about HOW you are, rather than about what you DO.
However, you can't DO much of THAT if you AREN'T THIS. The mungks have
handed us a cone to help us understand. 

"Your intention is my command. Who are you?"

Many students have asked the mungks why they call this state of being
"Secret Freedom." The mungks would invariably reply, "Well, if we told
you, it wouldn't be a secret anymore." 

**************************

Sub-Vector Time Line

Data inherent in the Sub-Vector spilled into humanity's conscious
experience. For those who enjoy time lines, we've compiled a list of
Sub-Vector-inspired theories and technological innovations. 


* Sub-Nano Biotechnology - Late 22nd Century

The TimeKeepers have stamped information of this era Nontransferable. We
have no official records from that time. 

Unofficially, however, we've heard that Sub-Nano technicians discovered
and exploited the mystery of "Follow Through."

Follow Through is a term used in some sports, like bowling. It works like
this. You release the bowling ball, and it's rolling down the lane. You
then twist your hips or make unusual motions with your arms, legs, or
maybe your head. Sometimes, you make primal sounds or chant magic words. 
These actions somehow influence the movement of the ball. Sub-Nano
technicians harnessed this "magic" and *changed events in their past*.)


At a later date, Nez Masters combined Follow Through and Sub-Quantum
Shipping. This allowed them *to transcend Ronard's Axiom* in specific
(esoteric) areas! 'Nuff said.


* Post-Quantum Theory - Late 23th Century

Scientists dug into the next quantum layer and called it the
"Post-Quantum" field. At this level, they studied how the astral and
physical planes interacted. What they learned effectively ended science as
we had known it. "Uranamuses" replaced "scientists." 

A notable application of this technology was Paradox Searing.


* Sub-Quantum Theory - 25th Century

Uranamuses peeled away the Post-Quantum field and discovered - to their
utter amazement - the Sub-Quantum sea. The laws of this sea were as
mind-boggling to the Uranamuses as the original Quantum field was to 20th
Century physicists. Studies in Sub-Quantum reality produced the first
cohesive Unified Field Theory, dubbed "Living String Dynamics" (LSD).

The creators of this theory were Uranamuse meta-geniouses. LSD had a
breathtaking, multidimensional architecture. It rivaled in subtlely the
most exquisite spiritual mandalas that the Great Religions had ever
produced.

Ironically, those who meditated on the LSD mandala had "visions" similar
to those experienced by "acid heads" (psychedelic drug users) of the 20th
Century. There were major differences between the two, however. Meditating
on the LSD mandala presented no risk to one's psychological state. 
Neither did it tear the body's protective auric shield, nor did its
visions prove to be hallucinations. Additionally, it was legal. 

Sub-Quantum theory presented the possibility of backward publication.
Ronard's Axiom and Nobtip's "Inexplicable Principle" were outgrowths, as
well. 


* Trans-Temporal Alchemy - 31st Century

After six millenniums of exposure to Sub-Quantum force fields, a major
leap occurred in the consciousnesses and bodies of Uranamuses. They
*consciously embodied principles and energies of the Sub-Quantum sea* and
mutated into Trans-Temporal Alchemist ("Salers").

An application of this technology is the ability to Ship "information"
(and I use this term loosely) into the past. Before then, the astral
substructure of the Planetary Consciousness did not support this highly
efficient form of transport. (Rumor had it that exceptions to this rule
existed, though no one had ever proved it. We couldn't, however, tell if
it did.) 

***************************

Quotes:


+ "I know that for the high art of ribaldry there are few things more dull
than the criticism which maintains that a thesis is untrue; and cannot
understand that it's decorative." 

Arthur Edward Waite, "Pictorial Key to the Tarot" 1910


+ (Paraphrased): "At the end of the Millennium, Lord Vishnu lies on a
banyan leaf in the form of a baby. He sucks his Toe and thus destroys the
universe."

The Tenth Canto of the Srimad Bhagavatam (circa 3,000 BC)


+ "Don't take my word for it. See for yourself."

Evin, the Unsavior


**************************

A Note to the 144,000:


Order your IROOT:NOT Membership Card soon. It's not too late! Get over and
transcend redundancy! Increase your power, income, and wisdom while
remaining humble. (IROOT:NOTian energy does contain the Gold, Green, and
Violet Rays.) You'll receive all of this (no guarantees implied) for only
$1! (plus $15 s&h.) Send your check, cash, or MO (US funds only) to: 

IROOT:NOT
PO Box 220964
Hollywood, FL 33022-0964
USA

***************************

While you're at it, order the premiere issue of "Living in the Eternal
Wow!," IROOT:NOT's quasi-esoteric larynx-in-print. If you've read this
far, then you have to like this stuff - or you really hate it. Either way,
it's a good reason to support our work and read more about it. (If we're
gone, you'll have to go to the trouble of finding someone else to hate.) 

> Plus, Plus, Plus . . . The first 144,000 new subscribers will receive a
FREE late model BMW convertible (if the Nez Oracle [N.O.] answers Yes to
our request)! 
  
How much do four full-color issues cost? To (card carrying) IROOT:NOTians,
NOTHING! That's right . . . nothing!! (With your request, please include
$15 s&h; Canada and South Western Hemisphere, $25; Eastern Hemisphere,
$35.) Non-Members, send $25 (plus s&h listed above). Hurry! Adults and
entertainment only.
               
...............................................................


Judging Judgment; Thinking About Thoughts; Allowance

Everyone - at least moral people - knows that it's not right to do it.
Yet, everyone does. The Bible warns about it. "Judge not, lest you be
judged." The New Age has taken this edict seriously. Judging others (and
ourselves) presents a moral dilemma. One ingenious way around this problem
is to give judgment new names. Some have renamed it "discernment" or
"opinion." But does switching tags and changing definitions make a
difference? 

When you think, you judge - putting people, actions, emotions, and ideas
in categories. The mental body functions like that. The emotional body
works in a similar way. If it experiences something negative, it tosses
the event into the "bad bin." If you're clever, you can shift the paradigm
here, as well. "Oh, I'm not feeling 'bad.' I'm just experiencing energy."
Cool, but that's a judgment, too. You've judged it to be so. 

Judgments don't cause suffering; people *acting on judgments* cause
suffering. For example, I can have an opinion. "People who wear tongue
rings have no taste in fashion." Thinking the "bad thought" didn't damage
anyone. Everyone is free to their opinion. However, what if I went around
yanking off their jewelry? That would hurt! I'd be putting my *opinions
into action*. 

One group suffers whenever they play the role of the Judge. These are the
sensitive souls who criticize themselves for judging others. Whenever they
think a bad thought, they flinch and immediately try to *change the way
they are thinking*. This useless guilt is harmful. How can you understand
yourself, if you keep running away in shame? 

Here's an example. You might think, "Yuck! That person is soooo pushy!"
Immediately, your Inner Judge shouts, "You're judging!" Internally, you
jump. "Yikes! Umm . . . He's pushy, but, ah, it's OK because, ah . . .
he's a Leo [or whatever]." You try to *r ationalize a negative perspective
into a positive one*. Superficially, this sounds like a good plan. In that
moment, though, *you're in denial of your thoughts and feelings*. You are
rejecting your psychological state. When you're in denial like this, the
problem continues to lurk in the background.

You're also blaming yourself for being intolerant. "I should be more
accepting. . . ." Or, "Who am I to judge?" You're a human being. Who else
judges? It never occurs to you that *your assessment of the situation
might be right!* ("Right" means "correct within the limits of whatever
model you are using.") However, it's also possible that you're wrong. 

So, you can criticize yourself. You can rearrange your thoughts so they
conform to some ideal. This ideal is usually something that you've
borrowed from a religious or metaphysical system. However, this ideal *is
not you*. It's what you've come to expect of yourself. Playing the role of
Thought Cop *robs you of the opportunity to know yourself more
intimately*. To know yourself deeply, you must first accept your judgments
and that you judge. 

Additionally, humans have a tendency to identify with their thoughts. When
you "adjust" your thoughts to a "higher level," you hallucinate and
believe that *you* are at a higher level. You are, instead, momentarily
deluded. The phenomenon of identifying with your thoughts also explains
why you judge, condemn, and penalize yourself whenever a "wrong" thought
pops into your head.  It's all right to judge. Look at your opinions
without fear. Don't beat yourself. You'll begin to understand how you
really feel about things. Hiding yourself behind "correct" models of "how
I should be" keeps you a stranger to yourself.

I'm not, of course, suggesting that you cultivate bad thoughts. That's as
unnatural as trying to have only good ones. (The relativity of "good" and
"bad" further complicates the matter.) Life on earth is a balance (or
imbalance) of positive and negative. The point is to *understand* rather
than to control and manipulate. You'll find that the former is a more
positive and effective catalyst for change than the latter. 

Thoughts

It's helpful to have a clear understanding of the role and limits of
thoughts. For instance, to think, "I'm going to drive my car across the
Atlantic Ocean" misses the point. Automobiles are great for cruising the
boulevard, but they make the worst boats. 


Thought plays an important role in human existence. At the very least,
life would be meaningless without this measuring tool. You could argue,
though, that the physical and emotional bodies are equally important. 
Without the former, you are "dead." Without the later, you're a robot.

You have a mystical aspect, as well. It's like an ocean of creative energy
ecstatically waiting to manifest. The mental body is an interface to this
ocean. It translates certain strands of this energy into thought patterns. 
In turn, your brain, an organ of the body, downloads these patterns from
the mental body. The result: You have an idea.

A few kinds of thoughts exist. It's helpful to differentiate them. 
"Ordinary" thoughts, those that concern common, local phenomena, aren't
produced at non-local sites. For instance, you hear the telephone ring and
think, "The phone is ringing." God or your guides don't have to tell you
that. The brain can handle it. 

Non-ordinary thought, however, can stream from various non-local sources. 
Your mystical aspect is one of these non-local sources. Examples of this
include ESP, past-life experience, and mystical revelation. Destructive
non-local "suggestions" - the "voices in my head" kind - can originate
from the dark legions. "You should kill them all. . . ." 

Thoughts aren't tangible items. You can't stack them on a table. Rather,
they are a *function* that serves your creature body and your mystical
aspect. The mystical aspect is your creative center - your power source.
The Mind Cult mistakenly believes that thought is this power source, but
it is not. Thought is the brush, not the artist. (The emotional, astral,
and physical bodies are brushes, too.) 

An influential philosophy within the Mind Cult is the "Power of Positive
Thinking." Many have elevated this system of thought from theory to
"Truth." This conceptual trap has snared millions and has become so
psychologically ingrained that few question its validity. 

In this system, True Believers act as Mind Sentinels constantly on the
alert for undesirable thoughts. To become a Sentinel, you must first paint
the walls of your mind in self-scrutinizing colors. When the paint dries,
you've created a mental buffer zone. The zone, however, doesn't protect
you from negative thoughts. Oh, contrair: It actually amplifies their
power in your head! If you'd just leave them alone, they'd tumble away
like dry, brown leaves in a brisk autumn wind. But, noooooo. . . . You
have to make a big deal out of them. . . .

A thought, however, can have a real impact on others - positively or
negatively - when the emotional body supports it. For instance, if you
think AND FEEL that someone is a thief, this projects. The target's
emotional body can "physically" sense this energy. This only happens,
though, at close distances. You can feel and think lovingly about someone,
but if they're 100 miles away, they won't receive it. 

Other forms of projection exist. Sometimes, astral forces can utilize the
raw energy produced by subconscious emotional trauma. This nasty brew can
transmit such unwelcomed feelings as hate, envy, and jealousy. These can
inflict damage, but only at close range. For example, if your father
severely abused you when you were young, you'll probably have a problem
with authority figures. While being abused, you probably made silent deals
or vows, and the Dark Forces took you up on them. "Please protect me!"
"I'll never forgive you for this!" Certain circumstances can trigger these
programs, causing unwarranted psychic attacks. You don't use conscious
thought to release this energy. You can conveniently zap others while you
sleep. 

Conscious at-a-distance effects happen when you invoke astral entities or
perhaps the gods. (For either good or bad purposes.) This is magic. Taken
a step higher, you can invoke fifth-dimensional (and above) beings. This
is miracle work.

Upon analysis, Positive Thinking is the same as "wishful thinking." Many
examples lend credence to this. For example, in the 1960's, almost
everyone loved President John F. Kennedy. Countless admirers bathed him
and his wife in good thoughts and wishes. Yet, one man with an attitude -
acting on a judgment - assassinated the president. (Conversely, many
unpopular presidents weren't killed.)

"Long Live the Queen" - on the lips and in the minds of millions - is
another example. You'd think that the Queen, with all of this positive
psychic support, would live an extraordinarily long life. Historically,
though, queens don't live any longer than other aristocratic women.

Lastly, the ancient Egyptians showered their Pharaohs with the thought,
feeling, and words of "Eternal life!" Did it work? Not in this earthly
life. 

You can test the theory of Positive Thinking, and if it works, YOU'LL WIN
BIG. Here's what you do. Buy a lottery ticket, and take a week off work.
Then, spend all of that time thinking, "I will win the lottery. I will win
the lottery." Concentrate; focus as much power into it as possible. (Hey -
it's worth at least a million bucks.) Doing this, you'll have invested
more "positive thought power" in winning than anybody. Will you win? 

True Believers imagine that by thinking only positive, happy thoughts,
their lives will improve. They imagine that they will become more loving. 
How can you become more loving when you don't love yourself? Where's the
acceptance? The practical result of this discipline is a lifetime of
mental arm wrestling. What's worse, the Power of Positive Thinking is
insidious. As you use this system, you become psychologically addicted to
it. That's a fact! If you try to quit, *you will experience fearful
withdrawal symptoms*. Guaranteed! The hook goes deep.
 

Allowance

Allowance leads to understanding. Understanding allows transcendence. 
Transcend, and you stand before the gate of mastery. When you pass through
the gate, you grab a board and begin *surfing the mental plane*. As a
surfer, you know what freedom is. You ask, "How are the waves today?" You
don't make them. Ironically, Sentinels patrolling the beach *think that
they do*.  Lastly, you hear, "Judge not, lest you be judged." You
understand that someone will surely judge you *even if you've never judged
anyone in your whole life*.

Live a miraculous life!

+ "Many overlook the humble, seeking instead the glamour of the grand.
Blindly, they pass by treasures and wonder why their lives have become so
poor."  From "The Book of Words" 

+ " Better to see than think that you know." 

+ "I look into the eyes of others and see life looking out at itself." 

............................................

Z-End
