                                   .-'~~~-.
                                 .'        '.
                                :~~~-.       `.
                                 `. \ ~-.      .
                                   `.; / ~.    :
                                  .'  ;-- `. .'
                                 ,' ; ~~--'~
                                ;  ;
                               ;   ;
                               `~-~'

                  _/_/_/_/       _/_/_/      _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/_/_/_/     _/_/_/_/_/    _/_/_/_/_/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/_/_/_/     _/      _/    _/      _/

                                BAHfile #026
    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
    ³ Title: four year curse/busts of '95 FAQ        Author: stone      ³
    ³ Date: 11-17-95                                                    ³
    ³                    included: new policies                         ³
    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

  All text included in BAH issues is for educational purposes only. In no
  way do we at BAH endorse whatever actions described in our text files. If
  you're mad because we got busted, don't come crying to us.

                                                [BAH]
                           
 -\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-

Well, this is being written in November. even though 1995 isn't over yet, I
will still get this out. If a major bust happens, I'll amend it. I doubt
it, though.

whoa, this is a faq! whoa, no index!


"where oh where the fuck has bah been?"
---------------------------------------

Busted. At least, stone is. Read section on "rockford busts" below. I fully
intend to start releasing bahfiles again. We're not dead.


rockford busts
--------------

well, fuck, I go to missouri for one week and this place turns to hell.
nobody's been arrested, yet, as far as i know. There are, as far as we can
tell, six people involved. They include Gnarf and Neko. This bigbust can be
described by two local cops putting everything that ever happened illegally
in this area code (sometimes, even NOT in this ac) and mushing it all
together. At first, they thought we were one big LOD-type group. Every cop's
dream, isn't it? To bring down another LOD?

Anyway, this is the lowdown: I get pulled out of school, on the second day,
no less, by two cops. If you want the cop's names and numbers, ask me, and
I will *gladly* provide them. They're both in the phone book, so it's not
illegal. :)

On the way to the local police station (these cops were from out-of-town,
so they had to borrow an interrogation room from my town) I was the only
one wearing my seat belt. The cop driving went over the speed limit
multiple times.

We get to the local cop station. At this point, all they've said to me is
empty shit threats like "do you know what juvenile hall is? it's JAIL for
KIDS!!$%!%" and questions like "do you know what this is about?" (BTW: I
*was* forewarned about this, I knew almost everything about what they were
going to ask me, I knew they were coming, and I won't say who told me. :)
I played dumb. Well, this is obviously moot now, since they're probably
going to read this, but still.

From here on, the cops will be known as "Windows" (the cop who knows how to
run a computer, provided it runs windows) and "Clueless" (the one who
obviously has the detective experience)

Once in the room, they stand me up against the wall. Clueless grabs a
Spectra System and takes three rapid shots at me. Well, as some of you
know, SS pictures look totally fucked up right when they come out of the
camera. Clueless obviously doesn't know this. He ends up shooting two more,
swearing, fishing out another package of film, and taking at least three
more shots of me. Meanwhile, Windows is sitting at the table.

I fill out one of those sheets with my Miranda rights on them in duplicate.
This wasn't sworn testimony, and they didn't even record it. (deh)

Windows and Clueless pull the goodcop-badcop routine on me. It doesn't
work, because they would switch. Anyway, they start asking me about
numerous shit and numerous people, much of which I have no clue about what
they're saying.

Apparently, some college kid carded a computer and sold all the parts.
This idiot TOLD everyone the parts were stolen. Someone turned him in.
They started blaming me for all sorts of shit. Some of it I've never even
heard of, and some of it I think someone was making up.

(later note: i talked to this kid, who confirmed its bullshitness. no
carding was involved in a rumor, and found out that it had no truth to it
at all. either the cops lied on PURPOSE, or they genuinely didn't know.
either way, sorry, pesh. :)

Who is carding CRIS (an ISP) accounts? This was mentioned. I have no idea.
AOL accounts were mentioned as well. Be careful.
Fake 800's were also mentioned.

Remember the 905bill trick? This trick is where you would use AT&T to bill
fradulent third-party calls to the 905 area code, and it would always go
through without verification. It doesn't work anymore, and it has lead us
to believe that we were the causes of this particular bug to go down.
Personally, I didn't use it that much, but I know people who did, and
they're getting reamed for it. The trick died within three days of my
"visit", in which I explained how to do it.

This must have been made up, since it makes no sense to anyone I've
presented it to: "We found a passwd file from a local community college in
a system in London. They don't know how it got there, and the college found
out about it from CERT."

I also mentioned how to oncor-collect call someone as a prank, and they
didn't grasp the idea that you weren't profiting from it. I told them
about it because I didn't want to go back to school. :)


"who did you narq out?"
-----------------------

Nobody. They asked me for people, I just started giving them nicks, and
they didn't write them down. You're all safe. At least, the people I know.
I have no way of telling whether someone else narqed, but then I don't
spread crucial information like that to ANYONE.

I will tell the cops all I know about hacking, confs, security, anything,
but I will NOT narq out people, and they're stupid to think that I will.


"will I still accept confs?"
----------------------------

Yes, as long as you don't say that the conf is illegal. Unless I am at a
payphone, I will hang up on a conf once it is mentioned that it's illegal.
That way, I can say that "nobody ever told me it wasn't legal" and be
telling the truth. And, yes, I know that cops, in all probability, will see
this. I don't care. I won't set them up, though.


cellco-pmf busts
----------------

(i have no first-hand experience in this. pretty much all i know about this
case comes from both rumors and talking to a person who called the board,
so all this information very well could be wrong: corrections welcome.)

PMF, the guy that was at Summercon, the one with the English accent, was a
sysop of a board, Cellco, that was run by the Secret Service, basically, to
nail people for trading ESN pairs. Well, a female SS agent was on the
board, and apparently got people to start trading with her. As far as I
know, 14 people have been 'visited', and 6 arrests have been made.

I've heard rumors as to why PMF did it, from getting busted for kiddieporn
to getting busted for rape. I doubt any will know.


more
----

More busts have been made, and I'm not going to even try to fit them all in
here. there's quite a few more, though. I'm going to release a full FAQ
near the end of this year, with more real information.


four-year curse
---------------

the four-year curse, as defined by lefty_, has struck again! Every four
years there's a string of new busts. Think about it. 86-87, 91, etc. Beware
1999!

 -I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-

bah new policies:

*       no more distro sites. anyone can have the files and distribute
        them, but there are NO official distro sites. i'm not going to put
        up with the shit and the warez people just asking for a distro to
        add another affil to their belt.

*       no email address! wow! my free.org directory was deleted, for some
        strange reason, and I can't call there all the time anyway, so
        forget the email address.

*       no members, only writers! if you want to write a bahfile, by all
        means, write something and give it to me. if it gets published (and
        in all likelyhood, it will) then that doesn't mean you're a member.
        I don't want to deal with the member lists and any other lists of
        people or boards or shit like that. you've written a bahfile,
        that's what it means if you write a bahfile. :)

still looking for people to write! i don't care what it is, send it in, and
yes, Frannie, I have almost no standards and are proud of it!


cstone/stone 11-17-95

 -\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-

