                                  .-'~~~-.
                                 .'        '.
                                :~~~-.       `.
                                 `. \ ~-.      .
                                   `.; / ~.    :
                                  .'  ;-- `. .'
                                 ,' ; ~~--'~
                                ;  ;
                               ;   ;
                               `~-~'

                  _/_/_/_/       _/_/_/      _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/_/_/_/     _/_/_/_/_/    _/_/_/_/_/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/_/_/_/     _/      _/    _/      _/

                           BAH - Issue #020
    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
    ³ Title: hmm.                                    Author: Stone      ³
    ³ Date: 06-19-95                                                    ³
    ³                             *BAH*                                 ³
    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

  All text included in BAH issues is for educational purposes only. In no
  way do we at BAH endorse whatever actions described in our text files. If
  you get yelled at for sitting at the computer instead of making money,
  don't come crying to us.

                                                [BAH]
                           
 -\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-

Well, our twentieth issue is out. I actually never thought we'd make it
this far. The first ten issues were spread out over about two months.
Issues 11-20 took about two weeks.

But, the "world headquarters" of BAH is now:

green eggs 'n spam
815-654-9806
sysop: Neko

There shouldn't be a NUP. If there is, it's posted on the logon screen.

I pondered the idea of going into the whole "distros", "affils",
"headquarters" thing for a while. This isn't some ANSI group that puts out
packs every few months. This is BAH, a group who puts out at least a file a
week. There's been quite a lag in the past few days, however, but that will
be fixed. More BAHfiles coming soon.

I also have to say that being a member of BAH doesn't mean anything more
than having your file being published. There's no obligation, or anything.

An IRC BAHbot is being considered, if we can get the account and server
to run it off of. It would offer all the latest BAHfiles. It's really not a
bad idea, except someone's going to have to update the bot every time a
new BAHfile comes out, which happens quite often. If we can find a bot
software that allows updates that easily, we'll run it.


The BAHlist:

The BAHlist is the idea that started the whole BAHfile idea. Unfortunately,
only one has come out, and we promised one every month. However, this is
the new BAHlist ballot:

america online
ameritech
at&t
compuserve
cellular one
delphi internet
mci
newsweek magazine
prodigy
sprint
vice-president al gore


Now, you don't have to vote on any of these. If you don't have experience
with one of the corporations/people mentioned here, don't vote. If you'd
like to request a new topic, by all means, go for it.

You can vote up to five stars for each corporation. Votes will be tallied
and counted. I hope to release the new BAHlist by BAHfile 25 or 30.


This BAHfile was supposed to be a transcript of a call to set up a
fradulent 1-800 number to a totally free internet site. I have it all
typed up and everything. I decided against publishing it after sitting on
IRC for a few hours. Everyone wants 800 numbers. If everyone found out how
to do it, many more people WOULD do it. If that many people started making
fradulent 800 numbers, AT&T would soon catch on, and tighten their
security.

A local board has an 800 number set up to it. It was given to a warez/ansi
board listed as a totally illegal/ansi board. It's not. It's a totally
public access board. Now, it's always busy, with people calling in from all
over, asking to post 800 numbers in the oneliners, not caring that anyone
can have access to the board. I'd report it, it's just that the 800 has a
purpose; the board is a hub for a message network, and the 800 was supposed
to be used just for long-distance people calling in.

People seem to think that AT&T is totally, totally, stupid; they're totally
rich, so they don't care about hackers. Well, that's correct, to an extent.
When thousands of dollars are being literally STOLEN from them, they're
going to start caring.

So, sorry you people, BAH won't publish the transcript.

 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

tori: "are you going to do this EVERY TEN FILES?"

 -\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-


