                                  .-'~~~-.
                                 .'        '.
                                :~~~-.       `.
                                 `. \ ~-.      .
                                   `.; / ~.    :
                                  .'  ;-- `. .'
                                 ,' ; ~~--'~
                                ;  ;
                               ;   ;
                               `~-~'

                  _/_/_/_/       _/_/_/      _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/_/_/_/     _/_/_/_/_/    _/_/_/_/_/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/_/_/_/     _/      _/    _/      _/

                           BAH - Issue #019
    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
    ³ Title: "The Babblings of Your God"             Author: IamXTC     ³
    ³ Date: 06-17-95                                                    ³
    ³                             *BAH*                                 ³
    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

  All text included in BAH issues is for educational purposes only. In no
  way do we at BAH endorse whatever actions described in our text files. If
  you spontaneously start generating alternate personalities like IamXTC,
  don't come crying to us.

                                                [BAH]
                           
 -\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-


              ÛßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßÛ
              Û ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ    ÛÛ    ÛÛÜ        ÜÛÛ        ÛÛÛ       Û
              Û        ÜÜ    ÛÛ    ÛÛÛÛÜ    ÜÛÛÛÛ       ÛÛßÛÛ      Û
              Û      ÜÛÛß    ÛÛ    ÛÛ ßÛÛÜ ÛÛß ÛÛ      ÛÛß ßÛÛ     Û
              Û    ÜÛÛß      ÛÛ    ÛÛ   ßÛÛ    ÛÛ     ÛÛß   ßÛÛ    Û
              Û  ÜÛÛß        ÛÛ    ÛÛ          ÛÛ    ÛÛß     ßÛÛ   Û
              Û ÛÛß          ÛÛ    ÛÛ          ÛÛ   ÛÛß ÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛ  Û
              Û ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ    ÛÛ    ÛÛ          ÛÛ  ÛÛß ßßßßßßßßßÛÛ Û
              Û ßßßßßßßßß    ßß    ßß          ßß  ßß           ßß Û
              ÛßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßÛ
              Û C     L     E     A     R     M     A      L     T Û
              ÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛ


Well, Now that I have made that poor attempt at capturing your attention, it's
time for another absurd (sometimes downright demented!) article from the
person you love to hate (no matter how much he loves himself), IamXTC.


But first...


     I know that there are some of you who don't totally agree with my
political and non-political views, or just don't like me because somewhere
along the line you have gotten the impression that I'm self-centered and
irrogent.  Well, I DO sympathize with you and would like for all of you to
know that you can just lick me.
                                                    Your's Truly,
           
                                                           IamXTC


And now it's time for zomething different...

     Since this is the start of a new mag for me, I'm going to start something
new myself.  I'll still do my spuratic and downright demented poetry, and
sometimes I'll throw in a informative file or two, but this is..., well, it's
just me babbling on and on about anything I feel that you, the reader, could
benifit from.  I'll call it, "The Babblings of your God". :-P


               ----------------------------------------------
                Top 9 list:  "Things To Do When You're High"
               ----------------------------------------------

     1)  Sit and watch one of those computer animated videos. (I
        use one called "Animated Dreams" and got the idea from a
        friend when we used "Beyond the Mind's Eye"
     
     2)  Light a bunch of candles, turn out the lights and pop in a 
        CD of some type of "NewAge" music (Enya is GREAT for this!)
        (If you don't have any NewAge CD's, find your local NPR 
        [National Public Radio] station and listen to "Echos" on at
        10PM CST)

     3)  Grab a program called 3DWAVE.ZIP from Black Days BBS [815]
        and execute the program (called 3DWAVE11.EXE) and watch.  
        (Hint:  Place your nose on the screen in the direct center 
        and e.mail me the results!)  Thanks Neko!!! :-P

     4)  Surf the net via a graphical WWW browser. (Try zima.com via
        http://www.zima.com)

     5)  Watch the lights on your modem during a download, then try 
        and remember why you're doing it.

     6)  Sex.  (This one is great even without being high!)

     7)  Watch one of the flames that you lit in number 2.

     8)  Read a spell book. (Yes, I'm Wicca.  But it's interesting
        to read even if you aren't.  Just try it.)

     9)  Write an article like I have. :-P


       ----------------------------------------------------------------
         Why is it that just when we get to know who our senators are,  
        it's time to bring them up on charges?                          
                                                                        
                                       -overheard on a Corona radio ad  
        ---------------------------------------------------------------


                           -------------------------
                            The Assult of Ameritech
                           -------------------------

     Did I ever mention that very fortunate time I got to actually meet one of
those "Guru's" that Ameritech hires as servicemen?  It was quite an expireance.

     It started one day driving down the road.  I was sitting at a stoplight
and one of those shiney new Ameritech trucks pulled up next to me.  The driver
looked over and waved to me.  With both of our windows down, and fustrated
with having to download the same file 13 (Yes, I am persistant!) times due to
a poor connection, time after time.

<Take this time to get a smoke and/or drink.  I did>

     Ok, now that you are back, I decided to express my dismay with the
service I was sorta paying for.  You got it!  I looked over and yelled out
(with a smile on my face) "Thanks for the line noise, buddy!".  He looked
puzzled and asked "What?"  I repeated my statment, feeling much better
already.  The driver then yelled "Fuck you too!" and waved at me.  The
difference between our waves is that he only used one finger, the one that
counts.  I told him that if he was lucky and had $30, he could get laid that
way downtown.  He said something to the effect that his wife didn't make him
pay and I guess I really pissed him off when I said "She should, that way she
wouldn't lose money for all the times she pays me for my services." becuase
when I did, he jumped out of his truck and attempted to hit me.  I looked at
him and said "If that's all you got, you'd better get back in your truck." and
proceeded to get out of my car.

     All of a sudden, there were red and blue lights in front of us.  One of
Loves Park's not-so-finest was watching the whole thing from his car in the
local Denny's parking lot.  (Why he wasn't inside doing what he does best is
beyond me!)  I was thinking "Shit.  Just what I need."  He took the driver
into custody and asked me for my information.  Fortunatly, I didn't have ID on
me and was able to fabricate an alter-ego on a whim (through MUCH practice)
and I was free to go, as I had not really done anything wrong, and continuted
to the bar.

     I would like to let you know how this one ended up in court but I wasn't
there, hence the faked info.  Maybe Christian Slater could tell you. :-P

     This just goes to show that the people at Ameritech are indeed human and
can be overcome no matter what technology the have on thier side.  All the
equipment is operated by minds with a short fuse and will buckle under
pressure.  Happy Phreaking!

            -------------------------------------------------------
             Top 9 list:  "Why I Like Driving To Chicago for Work"
            -------------------------------------------------------

     1)  It's tre easy money!  On the road most of the time!

     2)  Messing with the tollbooth ops. ("Tollbooth Willie")

     3)  Graffiti on CTA's El's.

     4)  Q101 and B96 can be recieved clearly on the radio.

     5)  "The Alley"

     6)  "Let's Dance" Super Dance Super Store.

     7)  75 Mph in 45 Mph zones, WITHOUT tickets!

     8)  It keeps me out of my office for a while.

     9)  Nichole at APS.  (I wonder if I'll ever tell her.  I doubt 
        it, unless she asks.)  (Hi Nichole, if you get this.)



     Well, that's all I have for this issue.  I hope that everyone enjoied it
and if you have any suggestions for me to write (ie.  Top Nine Lists) e.mail
me.  I love to hear from my readers as long as it's positive. :-P (I'm honest!)

                                                                 IamXTC

--------
 Greets
--------

RiTUAL - Sorry I deserted you guys, I'll still write once in a while.

Neko - You think we made the right choice?  I do.  Thanks much!

Mind Freeze - Don't let RiTUAL die, man.  Start recruiting! :)

Murmur, the Medicine Man - Nice ring to it!  Let's get some shows in this
                          summer!  Good luck with Bedlam.

Malicious Intent - Hang in there.  You've helped me alot.  Sorry about the
                  truck in DeKalb.  Wanna do it again?  I could use another 2
                  weeks in jail. :)

Dark Shadow - Fuck off!!!  I don't know if MF will let you in or not, but in my
             opinion, RiTUAL doesn't need a code thief and someone who's only
             loyal to the group as long as they are in it, otherwise they go
             around saying it sucks because they don't have what it takes to
             get in!  You fucking loser!!!


            -------------------------------------------------------
                              THOUGHT OF THE DAY:
             If a fish bops it's head on the edge of the fishtank,
                             does it's eyes water?
            -------------------------------------------------------


And with that, I'm audi!  Until next time, remember....

                     Standing still is a waste of oxygen!

 -\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-/\-\/-

