                                   .-'~~~-.
                                 .'        '.
                                :~~~-.       `.
                                 `. \ ~-.      .
                                   `.; / ~.    :
                                  .'  ;-- `. .'
                                 ,' ; ~~--'~
                                ;  ;
                               ;   ;
                               `~-~'

                  _/_/_/_/       _/_/_/      _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/_/_/_/     _/_/_/_/_/    _/_/_/_/_/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/     _/    _/      _/    _/      _/
                  _/_/_/_/     _/      _/    _/      _/

                           BAH - Issue #001
    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
    ³ Title: bahlist04/95          Authors: Stone, Tori Amos, Infidel   ³
    ³ Date: 04-25-95                                                    ³
    ³                     *like, welcome to BAH*                        ³
    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ



the bah list:
This is the bah list, compiled by us three. Any additions would be welcome
to the list, since more opinion makes for better accuracy. Everything has a
scale of one to five. Feedback is greatly appreciated. Flames are welcome.
Send them to: president@whitehouse.gov

america online:
 ** 1/2

AOL has served their users well. Unfortunately, their users don't know what
they're getting into. Later this year, AOL plans to implement IRC and
telnet into their program. They already have ftp. IRC is crowded enough
already, with people running "op me" all the time and the bots, oh god the
bots. All IRC users will gain with AOL coming in will be thousands of
people asking for ftp sites.

ameritech:
***

Ameritech isn't that bad a phone company, they provide good service at
medium prices. Their folly lies in their media campaigns. Do you know how
much money Ameritech makes in a day? Do you know how much they've spent on
their strange commercials about testing towns or people who ask people's
opinions on things? From our experience, a lot of people don't give a flying
fuck how big a screen is. Do we really care if there's a testing town?

at&t:
* 1/2

AT&T's "You Will" commercials are annoying. The endless war between long
distance companies has become very tiring. The same applies to the war
between collect carriers. Need we say more?

compuserve:
*** 1/2

Compuserve, having been around since 1979, has changed with the computer
industry. The company should be commended by not jumping on the bandwagon
and developing a GUI.

cellular one:
*** 1/2

Cellone is a great company. The prices aren't bad at all.

delphi internet:
****

Delphi is one of the best major online services available. With full
Internet, no GUI, and a reasonable price, Delphi is a great bet, if you
can't get a local net provider.

mci:
** 1/2

MCI's Friends and Family II and AT&T's True Savings program are very
similar. Who cares? MCI's annoyance comes in the form of dissing other
telephone companies' service, prices, and forms of calling collect. There
are three ways of calling collect long distance. How many times have you
called collect *long-distance*?

newsweek magazine:
1/2

Newsweek is annoying and ignorant. They think they're so 'techno-hip' and
they're on the 'information superhighway' just because they replace an
occasional 'f' with a 'ph', hired Katie Hafner, and Cliff Stoll. We've seen
the issue devoted to the Internet, and more than half was world-wide web
sites.

prodigy:
***

Prodigy has been around for a while, but just recently got Internet. Most
of the users stay away from it, in our experience, but there still are
some. The GUI is what drew people to Prodigy in the first place, since when
it started, the so-called 'age of information' was beginning, people
were (and still are) afraid of anything non-graphical. Getting out of
Windows gave these people a rash. So Prodigy's GUI was great. The same,
however, can not be said of their prices.

sprint:
*** 1/2

Sprint, having stayed out of the media flaming of other long-distance
companies, and having not set up their own 'cheap' long-distance collect
line, is a pretty good company. Their rates are cheap, with one of their
programs.

vice-president al gore:
*

You've probably heard such terms as 'information highway' and 'age of
information'. Al Gore uses these terms a lot. There is plans for a
world-wide network, simliar to the Internet, only it won't be free.

bah, that's a small list. we need more feedback. We'll try to do one every
month, if we can.

-ta,stone,infidel
04/95

