From the desk of CV.CRUD
War Media Coverage for the Intellect
#C-004.txt 


Who too believe...? The question stands un-answered. As the war in Iraq wages, 
we are left with little to decipher from conflicting reports from a wide array 
of media outlets.

Should you believe the capitolist run media? Surely not, I mean who could believe 
reports from a profitable organization? Of course their bias is going to lean 
towards investors, and boards, and whom ever has some sort of grip on their 
finances.

Of course, you could go with the Iraqi STATE RUN media. I mean c'mon, who 
wouldn't believe this respectable news agency, along with its owners, Saddam 
Hussein, Uday Hussein, and Quday Hussein? Then again, the only report your 
getting from them is what is good for the Saddam and Ba'ath Party Regime.

Then you got your "Independent Media" outlets. Some of these include reports 
from Indymedia news associates, human sheilds, and other "activists" reporting 
the "atrocities". But then, their reports are already poisoned by their own 
personal beliefs... It wouldn't be so bad coming from these people, except 
they infect their views on what they report.

I have found that if you want to stay current with what is going on in the 
middle east, the most honest way is get reports from soldier blogs. They are 
just as un-informed as the public, and only report what they see. Still you 
come across those raging partriots of ours that are supped up on testosterone 
that refuse to believe what they see. Then those who really havent seen any 
action and only report what they want to see.

Taking in all of these accounts, which are left open for interpretation (no 
law says you cant form your own opinion after hearing all sides, and for those 
of you who dont know, as a matter of fact its your right) is the path of the 
intellect.

