                    _,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,_
                  -[ C H E E S E ' N ]-
                    ¯```````````````¯,,,,_
___|text file # 001|___-[ C R A C K E R S ]-______________!___________________
* *                      ¯````````````````¯                                  _>
*  "story of my life"                                                       |`.
*______________________________________[ brian : 15th of October, 2002 c.e. ] *
                                         ¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯ * *
the sun bit down like a bear trap gnawing at a paw on the bright city below
when i met the man on the intersection corner holding his head betwixt his
knees, tightening every muscle in his face, ruddy cheeks revoltingly swirling
into bright blood vessels penetrating the hideous hide of the subhuman that
stood before me, bearing a sign he pieced together by tearing apart a box he
may have retrieved during a recycle dumpster binge.
   he turns to me, staring at me with his frozen eyes, scanning my business
attire--i assume he's jealous of the wrist-watch, and he says, "fella, there's
not too many men out there that really appreciate what they do."
   i jerked my head back and laughed, snickering behind my words: "i'm sure,
mister, whatever you say." and i left him there, vulnerable to the sharks and
vultures of the city niche.
   that night i drank myself silly and recorded these words onto a canvas,
transforming them into pictures and images, incorruptable and unscathed, draw-
ing out a complete portrait fit for the Sun King himself. i know two things at
this point: one, i am drunk, and two, i'm going to fly. but, first, let me sit
right here and dream my dreams my away. two-thirds of a cup of warm, liquid
intentions smother my neural hallways and spinal streetlamps. "this one time,
i saw a mermaid, and she moved like angel hair pasta in erupting boiling water
guided by a wooden spork."
    i woke up without a hangover and went to work in the later afternoon. upon
entering the Bank of America Tower, near-opaque black glass sheltering the ult-
ra-violet rays from my sensative eyes, nothing more than a seventy-six floor--
excluding the lost seven found underground--nine-hundred, sixty-seven foot
travesty erected on Fifth Avenue by Chester Lindsey Architects, i felt ridic-
ulously sluggish.
    "today," i told myself, "i will change the world." and i did just that. i
openly told my boss i was gay and found him excessivley attractive and proceed-
ed to slap his "manager's assistant" dead center on her right ass-cheek and i
somehow managed to ejaculate in the women's bathroom--yes, the reknowned wo-
men's bathroom on the seventy-sixth floor, overlooking the titivating mecca of
the Pacific Northwest.
    after eradicating all moral value of the city's prestige, i ran down the
escalators and met my father on the corner of the street.
    "fella, there's not too many men out there that appreciate what they do,"
he says to me.
    "but, dad," i say as the victory sets in, "it's a damn blessing to do what
you want to do."
_______________________________________________________________________________
                                    http://www.bubblemonkey.org/cheesencrackers
                             
                                                   cnc-001.txt written by brian
                                                       <brian@bubblemonkey.org>
                             
                         
                         copyright (c) 2002, your mom.