        %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%%'`'`'%%%%%%%%'      `%%%%%%%'     `"""`     `%%%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%: $SM. :%%%%%: $$$$Sszn. `%'.s$$$$$$sss$$$$$$s.`%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%: $$$: :%%%%%: $$$ ... `'$s. `$S' . $$$   `$S'.%%%%%% 
        %%%%%%%%: $$$' :%%%%%: $$$ %%%%% $$'  `'.%% $$$    .;%%%%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%: $$$ :%%%%%%: $$$ %%%%% $.# %%%%%% $$. %%%%%%%%%%%%% 
        %%%%%%%%: $$. :%%%%%%: $$. %%%%% .## %%%%%% $.# %%%%%%%%%%%%%
        ========= $.# ======== $.# ===== ### ====== .## =============
                  .##          .##       ###        ###             
                  ###    .###  ###     .##M"        ###              
                  ###s.   ###  ### .mM####          ###               
                  ########### #########"~'          ##`              
                  ##M"~    `"  ##'                 #'              
                  l   o  n  g  d  a  r  k  t  u  n  n  e  l
                                productions


#054 - [ Why I Hate Dumb Computer Scientists ]
       [ n0soul ]


This file will concentrate on two individuals,

Subject 1: Dumb Computer Scientist.
Subject 2: Super mega brainy Computer Scientist

The first guy is a guy i met twice at Socialist meetings and the second guy is
my brothers friends brother (pretty tight huh). 

anyway, subject 1 was a first year computer scientist, i guess he was not to
dumb in general but he was one of those comformist brainy people, what i mean
by this is that they have no idea about anything other than what they have
been told to learn. well i got talking to him as he had a parallel interest
(although he didnt seem very interested to me) (the socialist meeting that
night was dumb, they were talking about feminism, and im pretty sure the head 
speaker is gay) anyway we got to the subject of computer crime(crime?????) and
he told me he had tried to be a hacker once, "wot!!!" i was taken back by this
statement, and felt like ranting at him (but i didnt) as we got into the
conversation it soon occurred to me that he had no idea about what he was
talking about, and he didnt even know why he was at a socialist meeting (he
gave me the explanation, and i quote "i needed to do something constructive
with my thursday nights rather than going out and drinking all the time"
anyway i was very distort that in 2 more years this guy will be working in the
IT world (although i suspect that he will drop out before he graduates). bla
bla bla bla bla this guy was a dick and i hate him.

Subject 2 is a little more interesting and has his major pitfalls, in some
ways i wish i could be him and in more other ways i don't.  Firstly i will
tell a few TRUE storys that i found interesting i dont know if this guy has a
mental disorder or is just weird, any way, one time (when he was in primary
school)(about 6 or 7) he didnt arrive, his teacher got worried as he always
went to school and was never late, it was about lunch time when the teacher 
phoned up subject 2's parents, his mother was very worried (as she should be
with all the weirdos out there) and went looking for him, she first drove
around the route that subject 2 walked to school and found him soon after she
started looking, subject 2 was sitting on a ground by a broken cyclone netting 
fence that was rusty and broken,

 (you know the type,    /\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ 
  when all the things   \/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/ 
  come unhooked)        /\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\
                        \/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/

fixing it, putting it back together for about 4 hours (anyway i thought 
that was strange/interesting).

Before i tell the second story i will give some detail about the state subject
2 is in now.  He is living at home at the age of about 26, 27 has never
worked, was programming at the age of 10, was tutoring 2nd years in his first,
was told to do something or move out, he decided to take a maori course where
he meat some druggy criminals that use him real bad, he now smokes weed and
cigarettes (but thats not to bad now is it) and would rather burn in hell for
eternity than use windows.

The second story is another school story, the class assignment was to draw a
house. now most normal (sorry for using the word normal if you take offence
to that, but who cares) children would draw a house like this:

                                /_\
                                |_|

His was similar but he was drawing scribbly lines all over it, the teacher
asked "what are you doing Subject 2, what is that" Subject 2 replied that it
was the plumbing and wiring in the walls> (i found this strange/interesting
too).

the next story is a little more recent (dont read on if you didnt find the
first two any good).  Anyway, my brother and his mates were going clubbing and
pubbing, they asked subject 2 if he would like to go, he said yes and said...
"ill just go have a shower and get changed" soon he emerged wearing tight blue
jeans a white shirt complete with tie, and a leather vest,

they asked "is that what your wearing?"
subject 2 replys "yes whats wrong with it"
"um nothing but do you really need a tie??"
subject 2: "whats wrong with a tie"

(they left with subject 2 wearing his tie) they then went to another friends
house (not before buying a bottle of cheap vodka to loosen up).  Subject 2 and
one other drank the vodka, before half the bottle was finished subject 2 was
fucked off his face and could hardly walk. They all drove into town parked and
got out, this getting out of that car bit is important, because this is when 
subject 2 started talking in drunken binary! for fucking real!. When they got
to the pub doors subject 2 did not get in due to his drunkeness, and was taken
home. Subject 2 also commented on how interesting and funny it would be
programming a project he was working on drunk and then looking at his code in
the morning.

weird huh

so what is they happy medium???

dumb arse loser
or brainy social retard

(this question has been plaguing man for centurys and is >= what is the
meaning of life)

just looking at the tv lately has made me think that i have never written
about important/depressing things like war, poverty, politics etc... (although 
a little bit of these is in every thing) so i will say this to make you happy
"Opera is a tool of propaganda and gets shafted up the arse (how he likes to
do it) by Georgey Porgy Puddim pie Bush"

                                                            n0soul
                                                            3:18 AM 10/21/2001


Disclaimer: if you read this file and you think this sounds all to close to
home and think that you are Subject 1 or Subject 2 you are not. you just live
a parallel life to the real Subject 1 or Subject 2.

and yes, i know this file has little relevance to its name.

Finally I will leave you with a joke, A guy had just had a baby (well his
wife) and he went into the hospital to see it, a nurse took  him into the
nursing room and pulled a baby out of a cot and walked over to him, when she
was just about to give it to him she dropped it.  "ahhhhh" he said, you
dropped my baby.  The nurse then went on to pick up the baby and swing it
around by its leg, smash its head on a cot and chuck it against the wall, the
guy was hysterical and said "you killed my baby" the nurse replied  "haha
April fools, it was still born".


/-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-\
      Long Dark Tunnel 2001. - http://ldt.aguk.co.uk - ldt@hushmail.com 
\-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-/
