        %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%%'`'`'%%%%%%%%'      `%%%%%%%'     `"""`     `%%%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%: $SM. :%%%%%: $$$$Sszn. `%'.s$$$$$$sss$$$$$$s.`%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%: $$$: :%%%%%: $$$ ... `'$s. `$S' . $$$   `$S'.%%%%%% 
        %%%%%%%%: $$$' :%%%%%: $$$ %%%%% $$'  `'.%% $$$    .;%%%%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%: $$$ :%%%%%%: $$$ %%%%% $.# %%%%%% $$. %%%%%%%%%%%%% 
        %%%%%%%%: $$. :%%%%%%: $$. %%%%% .## %%%%%% $.# %%%%%%%%%%%%%
        ========= $.# ======== $.# ===== ### ====== .## =============
                  .##          .##       ###        ###             
                  ###    .###  ###     .##M"        ###              
                  ###s.   ###  ### .mM####          ###               
                  ########### #########"~'          ##`              
                  ##M"~    `"  ##'                 #'              
                  l   o  n  g  d  a  r  k  t  u  n  n  e  l
                                productions


#086 - [ Boredom Does Strange Things ]
       [ jvaldez ]


Take a look a round, gaze in wonder, awe in the sheer beauty of mystery.

Ever notice how the rest of the world suffers, while America stays up late
watching the best sitcoms in the best houses, eating the best food, and
sleeping on the cleanest beds? Ever notice how our (I am an american) cars are
huge and can house a variety of things, where as most british and german cars
are small? Ever notice how we can maintain a somewhat nice and neatly kept
country, while ruining yours?

Ever notice how we can single handedly take on the world, but at the same time
look compassionate at doing it? Ever notice we're the sneakiest bastards out
there now that the soviets are gone? Ever notice how we're the most ignorant
people, even though the nazi's are gone? Ever notice how happy we are, even
though the 70's are gone? Ever notice how drugged up we are, even though this
isn't 1982 and crack cocaine isn't new? Ever notice how great we are and how
happy we are to remind you of it?

Ever notice that we look and feel superior to all? Ever notice we have the
best technology?  Ever notice how disgusting we are? Ever notice how envious
you are ? Ever notice what kind of a lie the american dream is? Ever notice I
made you feel great about being american, and now I dropped you like a hot
potato? Ever notice where this is going? Ever notice who I am? Ever notice
what I stand for? Ever notice who you are? Ever notice who you stand for?
Ever notice that you and I don't mean anything in the big picture. Ever notice
nobody ever told you what the big picture is? Ever notice nobody ever told you
where the big picture is? Ever notice you've read to much and obviously you
should stop?  Ever notice you must be addicted to reading this? Ever notice
how you can't put a book down, but can put this ascii down? Ever notice nobody
told you the definition for ascii, you just felt you knew the meaning? Ever
notice how inquisitive these questions are getting? Ever notice how you are
questioning your goals, dreams and visions? Ever notice that even if you
weren't before the last one, you are now? Ever notice that things like this
seem to run on for ever? Ever notice that there is no end in sight? Ever 
notice how little comments like the previous sentence can make you question 
your judgement on reality, rather than take it as a literal comment? Ever 
notice how this runs on and on? Ever notice how you don't want it to end? 
Ever notice how the last line is a hypocritical statement? Ever notice the 
fact you don't know what I'm talking about? Ever notice the fact that I don't 
know what you're talking about? Ever notice that things can get out of control 
in a heartbeat? Ever notice nobody ever told you how fast a heartbeat is? Ever 
notice we are left in the dark, but no lights are turned off? Ever notice a 
feeling of greed when you see a porsche? Ever notice a porsche when you're 
feeling greedy? Ever notice a feeling when a greedy porsche drives by? Ever 
notice we lose meaning in what we write? Ever notice we lose meaning in what we 
live? Ever notice our lives seem to drag on until somebody passes away and you 
realize that life isn't forever? Ever notice that life would be better if it 
were shorter at times? Ever notice how you feel shorter at times? Ever notice 
how self concious thought has a devastating effet on teens? Ever notice that 
teens have a devastating effect on themselves? Ever notice that this thing is 
finally done? Ever notice that every time I say I'm done I say ever notice 
something or rather? Ever notice there hasn't been a period yet? Ever notice 
why I exist? Ever notice why you exist? Ever notice why we exist on the same 
plane? Ever notice why plain and plane sound the same but mean different things. 

Ever notice me? Ever notice you? Ever notice?

jvaldez.


/-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-\
      Long Dark Tunnel 2001. - http://ldt.aguk.co.uk - ldt@hushmail.com 
\-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-/ 

