        %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%%'`'`'%%%%%%%%'      `%%%%%%%'     `"""`     `%%%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%: $SM. :%%%%%: $$$$Sszn. `%'.s$$$$$$sss$$$$$$s.`%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%: $$$: :%%%%%: $$$ ... `'$s. `$S' . $$$   `$S'.%%%%%% 
        %%%%%%%%: $$$' :%%%%%: $$$ %%%%% $$'  `'.%% $$$    .;%%%%%%%%
        %%%%%%%%: $$$ :%%%%%%: $$$ %%%%% $.# %%%%%% $$. %%%%%%%%%%%%% 
        %%%%%%%%: $$. :%%%%%%: $$. %%%%% .## %%%%%% $.# %%%%%%%%%%%%%
        ========= $.# ======== $.# ===== ### ====== .## =============
                  .##          .##       ###        ###             
                  ###    .###  ###     .##M"        ###              
                  ###s.   ###  ### .mM####          ###               
                  ########### #########"~'          ##`              
                  ##M"~    `"  ##'                 #'              
                  l   o  n  g  d  a  r  k  t  u  n  n  e  l
                                productions


#058 - [ The Manifestos Manifesto ]
       [ jvaldez ]


man·i·fes·to (mn-fst)
n. pl. man·i·fes·toes or man·i·fes··tos 
A public declaration of principles, policies, or intentions, especially of a
political nature.

To write a manifesto, one must solely believe in one true idea or concept.
From this, add lots of nonsense adjectives combined with terms of a technical
nature relating to subject. Also, use of strange analogies comes in handy.

Example 1 [Hackers Manifesto]

"The few that had something to teach found us willing pupils, but those few
are like drops of water in the desert.  This is our world now... the world of
the electron and the switch, the beauty of the baud."

[ End Example 1 ]

Example 1 is a prime example, and is why it is so revered by kids who had just
finished watching the movie 'Hackers' or read some technical document
qualifying them as grade 'A' "underground" material. With the right amount of
nonsense, adjectives describing things not normally referred to (i.e. things
of a technical nature), and laughable analogies, one can capture the minds of
young and forever corrupt them on an ideology that is a falsehood within
itself.

Example 2 [Stuff I found on Altavista]

A Doctrine of Eternalism. 	[ AKA Eternalist Manifesto ]
composed by HRHQEROH, IUUdR + C2

Oh! I exist! Like a blight on the tree of death, I live on! I feed on that
death-- that death that will never have me. I am Eternal. Like a snake that
swallows his own tail deeper and deeper until he's swallowed his neck, the
back of his own head, and is swallowing his tail again. An Eternal cycle of
extremes, opposites and sameness. I eat the atoms that were of molecules I
shat in my last life. I bleed the blood that is drunk by the progenitor of my
next life. I cycle back upon my self--The Eternal-- the entity that I am lives
on. No! There was no original spontaneous generation... I arose from the dust
of the collapse of a long dead universe in which I lived. I always have always
will. I then-am, was-will be!

[ End Example 2 ]


Using different personal views (i.e. first, second, and third person style
writing) will confuse the reader into believing solely in what you write as
truth, not opinion. By personifying objects (as in the animals mentioned
above) you get a better sense on what the author is trying to make you think.
Also, adding lots of exclamatory points and hyphens to give it a more life
like style can brainwash the reader into thinking this is his/her/it's
manifesto as well.


Do I really need a third example? No, I'm too lazy for that, so I will leave
you with this last thought. Manifestos are a dime a dozen. Believe in what you
want, but don't try to justify its rights and wrongs by illustrating a
delusional fantasy world that justifies the methods. Quit writing these damn
things already.

For humor, here is the manifesto's manifesto.

Like the kangaroo, who jumps, I am the manifesto that explains. I dictate upon
you ideas which have no meaning, yet to the few, have all the meaning in the
world. I can propagate you to believe no matter how illegal or how ridiculous
my or others actions are, that we are just human, merely looking for more
answers and more time in this short span of life we are given. As the sea is
filled with fish, the internet is filled with me. Nothingness is filled with
me. I am a manifesto. It's my manifesto's world now.

.-.-.-.
jvaldez - juergevaldez@hushmail.com - please, no more threats.
`-`-`-`

/-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-\
      Long Dark Tunnel 2001. - http://ldt.aguk.co.uk - ldt@hushmail.com 
\-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-/
