
                  ____
                /'    `\ __
                \      /'  `\_______ ________ _______ ______
                 )    (      \    _ `\       `\      `\    (`\
                /             )  _____)\   \   )   -   )      )
               (_____________/_______/__)___)_/_______/__)___/h8

                            lemon magazine issue #8

                         oh, please mommy...can i go?!@

                                 in this issue

       welcome to lemon   obsidian's editorial   what happened to #zines?
    the inevitable happens   dole may ravage the country yet   misc thoughts

::[welcome to lemon!@#]::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

       millions of lemons/lemons for me/millions of lemons/lemons for me

        this is where i hype this issue.  of course, that seems kind of dumb,
seeing as you're reading this cuz you want to.  as you've already seen to some
degree, this issue of lemon continues with the theme which the last couple
lemons have had.  what you'll see in this lemon are some small glimpes from my
life: my thoughts, ideas, and reactions to things.  i think you'll probably
find them to your interest...er...i hope.

        r34d 4wn, cuz lem0n 3xtr4kt 1z s0o t4sty!@#

::[obsidian's editorial]:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        is no one what they appear to be?!@
        is _everyone_ two-faced?!@

        long ago i learned not to take people who what they seemed to be, much
less what they said they were.  but lately i am becoming almost disgusted but
the number of people close to me who completely change overnight.

        take for instance a friend of mine, who of course shall remain
nameless, who i have know for four years.  he has always been very "religous."
by that i mean that in disucssions of sex and realated topics, which as you
know come up frequently in a junior high setting, he would always say quite
defiantly "i'm going to wait," or something else about like that.

        more than often he would be rideculed for this, and some of my other
friends and i would stand up for him at least because he was couragous enough
to stand by whatever convictions he had.  i and many others respected him for
this, something he was probably not even aware of.

        well, anyway, as of late i've been talking to this girl who has really
opened up to me a side of him that i nor most of his other friends knew.  the
person that she discribes is so unlike him that at first i didn't even believe
her.  she said that he frequently got drunk and urged her to have sex with him.
once i talked to others who confirmed this, i was needles to say shocked, but
also hurt, i guess.  not just because he never told me or any of his other
friends about any of it, not that it's really our business, but seeing as we're
friends, its just hard to think that he would hide stuff like that from people
who care about him.

        i know this is a fairly common tale, nothing out of the ordinary...

        what happens to people who make them completely change?
 
::[what happened to #zines?]:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        there's been a lot of discussion on net-spiel as of late as to what
ever happened to #zines...i guess people just aren't getting the high off of
the channel that they used to.

        i think mogel best summed it up when he said "it's irc, what do you
        expect?"

        i can identify with these disappointed people.  #zines just isn't the
frenzy of insane activity that it once was.  i can honestly say that i too,
immediately upon entering the channel, no longer instantly orgasm.  the
situation sad really, especially because #zines was my only sexual outlet, but
i suppose it was destined to happen.  however, i come to you with some tips for
ways to improve your experiences while wasting away on irc:

        1) get a c=64 - it makes everything more fun.

        2) netsex netsex netsex!@#

        3) get zine.irc - s3kr1t c0d3z r 3l1t3!@#

        yeah, ok so if you do this then you're sad...

::[the inevitable happens]:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        this week, i did something that i thought i'd never do...

        yes, i got a job.  i have become a (semi-)productive member of society.
it'd really odd for me too...i mean, i go there, work, have fun, and i didn't
even really think about it past that.  i mean, the thing that was hardest for
me was the application process, most likely because of fear of rejection.  i
hadn't really thought about too much else.  then, they hand me a paycheck.

        i was overjoyed, really.  i had kind of sort of forgotten one of the
more important aspects of working, that being that you get paid.  perhaps this
is because i have been raised in an upper-middle class household where
everything i've ever wanted, including money, has been handed to me.  having
never had to _do_ anything to get something has really screwed up my head.

        perhaps you find this hard to imagine.  the idea was almost completely
foriegn to me.  anyway, so that's my story for today.  work -> money.  werd.

::[dole may ravage the country yet]::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        well, as one man said "the idea is just to get clinton out of office as
quickly as we can...it doesn't matter who it is!"

        well, as much respect as i have for the voting population in america,
heh, i'm pretty concerned with this election, more so than i have been with
politics as of late.  i really don't think that may people realize the
significance of this particular election.

        do people not realize that our country is at a point where another four
years of clinton could kill us economically, while a bad choice in republican
candidates would more than likely cause major harm to the social structure to
america, which is failing as it is.  i don't mean to say that our country is
fragile, because as you and i know, it isn't...but i do believe that america,
like any nation, without real a real ruling body will crumble and revolution
will follow.  while some would say that this would be a decent solution, i
believe that the direction some would take this country would be so socialistic
that we'd be pretty screwed.  i like my house and lifestyle...

        our problem is that really, in my opinion, we have no viable
candidates.  thus my solution to this is simple.  let dto rule the country.
but that'd be too easy, and the voting populace wouldn't go for it.  so vote
for bob dole...he's our only hope for another president who's completely out of
touch with american society!@#

::[misc thoughts]::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

        when you tell someone flat out "i hate you," would you not expect them
        to leave you alone?

        hey, blood really does taste good!

        two words: asian chicks.

::[misc info]::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

to contact obsidian: danderso@ice.net
                     obsidian on #zines

to get the latest lemons (or the latest daemons):

        call ihop: 309 555 2579,,#11,#11,#11
        ops: cyric, murmur, shadow tao

        also try trg: 309 452 5639  (it's up occasionally)
        ops: juke

        soup <my board> may be up in the near future.

also on irc on #zines (obsidian or _obsidian)

there will most likely never be a lemon page on zinew0rld:

        http://www.pla-net.net/~jwapienn/zineworld/

          (c) copyrights are for the weak.  distribute like a mufuqa.

::[eof]::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
