                                                                                 
__________________________________________________                   _________  
\                      \                  \        \                /           
 \                      \                  \        \    ______    /         / 
  \                      \     _____________\        \  /      \  /         /    
   \_______        _______\             \   \         \/        \/         /     
           \        \   \                \   \                            /      
            \        \   \        ________\   \                          /       
             \        \   \       \            \                        /        
              \        \   \       \            \          \           /         
               \        \   \       \            \        / \         /          
                \________\   \_______\            \______/   \_______/           
                                                                                  
          -A Weekly Game Review-                  **** 2nd Edition ****           
                                                                                  
Issue for:
        11/03 - 11/09

   **********************************************************************
   NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS NEWS 
   **********************************************************************
Thought we were done with just one issue?? Think again!  TFW Will now be app-
earing in RCN.  As long as there are games there will be TFW!
                                Q-Ball & CyberPhreak

SECOND EDITION JOKE...
        It was a beautiful day out.  A certain pair of uninhibitted people
        were feeling extra daring so they decided to go out to a field they
        knew of and get naked and have romping, wild sex.  When the couple
        arrived at the field they began to rip each others clothes off.
        Suddenly the woman stopped and said, "Wait, do you have any condoms?"
        The man looked at the woman in disbelief and replied, "Uhhh...no."
        Just then the man remembered that there happened to be a convenience
        store just around the corner.  Without thinking he began to sprint to
        the store not even worrying to get dressed.  As the man rushed to the
        store the woman screamed out behind him, "And get a pack of smokes,
        too!" When he reached the store he asked the immigrant behind the
        counter for a pack of condoms and a pack of cigarettes.  After
        getting what he had come for the man burst from the store, but to his
        surprise there were three nuns walking his way!  The man didn't know
        what to do.  He couldn't let the nuns see him like this!  Then, an
        idea came to him.  The man threw himself back against the wall
        outside the store, ending up right next to the vending machines,
        hiding the condoms and smokes behind his back.  As the nuns got
        closer they noticed the naked figure standing against the wall.  The
        first nun said, "My, my!  They do come up with the strangest ideas
        for these vending machines nowadays!"  Then the second nun said,
        "Hmmm...why don't we try it?"  They all thought this was a splendid
        idea, so they all got out a quarter to use in this new-looking
        machine.  After some deliberation they all agreed that the money was
        to be placed in the "mouth" of the machine, so the first nun put her

        quarter in the man's mouth.  "Uhhh...now what do I do?" asked the
        first nun.  "I think you pull that 'lever' down there," the third nun
        said pointing to his groin.  So, the first nun grabbed a hold of the
        'lever' and began to pull.  Not knowing what to do, the man put out
        the hand holding the condoms.  The other two nuns asked the first
        nun, "So what did you get?"  The first nun replied, "Hey, I got some
        condoms."  Seeing what the first nun got the second nun stepped up to
        the man.  She followed the same process, pulling the man's 'lever'
        yet again.  This time the man put out his other hand that had the
        cigarettes in it.  Again the other two nuns said, "So what did you
        get?"  "I got a pack of cigarettes," said the second nun.  By now the
        third nun was fairly anxious to have her turn at this nifty piece of
        'machinery'.  So she stepped up to the man, put her quarter in and
        commenced pulling of the lever.  Not having anything left to give,
        the man didn't know what to do, so he just stood there.  The other
        two nuns asked the third, "So what did you get?"  Nothing was
        happening so the nun kept on pulling and pulling and pulling...
        nothing was happening.  After a few minutes of yanking on the 'lever'
        the nun exclaimed, "Ahhh...."  "WHAT?  What did you get?" said the
        other two nuns.  "Oh...," said the third nun, "just some hand
        lotion."


^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

      IN THIS ISSUE WE'VE GOT A HELL OF ALOT OF GAMES TO REVIEW, SO BEAR WITH US. 
                      BUT FIRST, THE WHORES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
				         ...
                   JUST KIDDIN'...HERE ARE THE GAMES FOR THIS WEEK. 

			List of games from 11/03 - 11/09

                        Virtua Squad Fixed       11/03 12 Disks
                        Time Paradox             11/03 27 Disks
                        WWF In Your House        11/04 43 Disks
                        Space Jam                11/04 31 Disks
                        Hunter The Hunted        11/04 31 Disks
			Swivel 3D                11/05 18 Disks
			US Navy Fighters         11/05 46 Disks
			Batman Forever Arcade    11/06  9 Disks
			Daytona USA              11/06 19 Disks
			Admiral Sea Battles      11/07 12 Disks
			Death Drome              11/07 11 Disks
			Smart Games Word Puzzles 11/07  5 Disks
			MiniGolf                 11/07  1 Disk
			Fragile Allegiance       11/08 21 Disks
			XTreme Chess             11/08 24 Disks
			Alien Trilogy            11/08 13 Disks
			Deus 			 11/08 11 Disks
			Plague			 11/09 38 Disks


^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 
                      Space Jam  (c)  Acclaim  [o1/31]
              _ ________________________  _____ ________ _
               \\_____  \_____  \_____  \/  .  \\_____  \\
              dZG/\   __//  _   |/  ____/.  |   \/\   __/
               _/  \   \/   /_ _/   /_   |  !  _/  \   \
               \____\   \______\_________|_____\____\   \_
              =======\___/===—1911—CD—DIVISION—======\___/

Based on an upcoming movie, Space Jam is a basketball game with looney toon
characters.  This game sports some nice graphics, and easy gameplay.  However
we have yet to figure the purpose of the 30 meg sound file since we get no
sound no matter what we do.

        Playability -- 90%
                Was quite easy to figure out to use the arrow/ctrl/alt keys
                to pass/shoot/move.  The characters move like you would expect
                in a basketball game.

        Ingenuity -- 70%
                Seen it before....NBAJAM was the same type of game.  Space
                Jam added something with it's inbetween-quarter arcade games.
                You can play certain games during the breaks, but for what
                purpose we don't know.  It does not raise your score, or make
                your characters better....oh well.

        Graphics/Sound -- 75%
                We were upset that there was a 30 meg file eating the hdd 
                which didn't even give us music.  The graphics were a bit
                blurry, but eye appealing.  There was also 10 megs of
                credits at the end that was totally unneeded unless you want
                to know eveyone who works at acclaim by face.

        GamePlay -- 80%
                Well....it is basketball....games go by quickly...you don't
                get stats and stuff, so it is simple.  inbetween quarters
                there are arcade games with no purpose.  Overall this is a
                good game.


                                 OVERALL 78/100




^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^

              HUNTER/HUNTED (c) Sierra             [xx/31]
              ________________________/¯|__/| ___________
              \___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
              |   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
              |___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
              +--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+
                        RiSC - RiSC - RiSC - RiSC

Wow, a really, really good 2D scrolling game!  I haven't seen one of these for
a very, very long time.  Sierra has the right idea.  In the game you are a guy
and some sort of minatuor-type beast, you switch on and off about every other   
level.  The game is really easy to understand and the graphics are very
nicely done.  If you like those great 2D games like Mario Bros. and that type
then this is a definite download.  I downloaded it thinking I was gonna have
another crappy game to review (cough-Mutant Penguins-cough), but to my
surprise the game was great.  It kept me entertained for almost an hour before
I remembered I had reviews to write...you know what they say.  "All play and
no work makes for no reviews."  And I know nobody would want that.

        Playability -- 95%
                This game could be figured out by anybody, and when I say
                anybody I mean a large rock with a piece of wet brocolli
                strapped to it could comprehend the way everything works.
                (But I'm not gonna make any promises to you guys in Razor.)
                I mean, come on, the game feeds you hint after hint on the
                easy level.  In other words, it's VERY EASY to play. (Just
                make sure you check which keys are which in the options!!!)

        Ingenuity -- 85%
                I don't ever remember a game where you were both a human and a
                beast.  I'm sure there were, but I would have to say that this
                is one of the best 2D games I've ever played.  The enemies are
                different from any others that I've seen, and the way the
                levels are layed out is new as well.  It's new.

        Graphics & Sound -- 85%
                The graphics in the game really rocked.  The background was
                cool, and the characters are just awesome!  The sounds were
                similar to other games of the 2D genre, but they were much
                better than the norm.  In general, the game was just cool.

        GamePlay -- 91%
                COOL, COOL, COOL...this is all I have to say.  I thought the
                game was really...COOL!  You have a mission for each level and
                you do it and end the level.  The only minor problem is the
                slight feeling of repetition, but it is very, VERY slight.

                                OVERALL 88/100

^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 
	        WWF In your House  (c)  Acclaim  [XX/43]
              _ ________________________  _____ ________ _
               \\_____  \_____  \_____  \/  .  \\_____  \\
              dZG/\   __//  _   |/  ____/.  |   \/\   __/  
               _/  \   \/   /_ _/   /_   |  !  _/  \   \
               \____\   \______\_________|_____\____\   \_
              =======\___/===ù1911ùCDùDIVISIONù======\___/

If you like to watch a whole bunch of big, hot, sweaty men whose muscles
ripple beneath their spandex outfits while they attempt to make an audience
think that they are really hurting each other then this is the game for you.
Yes, folks, it is the infamous wrestling game released yet again.  This game
has been put out in almost every format, game system, arcade, and now pc...
yeah.(He said unenthusiastically.)  When I downloaded this game I was pretty
sure that I knew exactly what the game was going to be like, but to my
surprise...wait, no, there was no surprise, I was right.  It's the same game!
If you haven't already played this game, or some variation of it, on any other
game system or in the arcade then I don't know where you've been for the past
decade.

        Playability -- 40%
                Hmmm...you don't know what the buttons are, you can't change
                them, and you have no idea what the "special" moves are.  The
                only thing that you do know is that you're supposed to beat up
                the other guy...BUT HOW???!!!

        Ingenuity -- 10%
                HAHAHA!!!  I can't even believe I'm writing anything in this
                section.  Sorry, but it's old.

        Graphics & Sound -- 20%
                The grahics were basically horrible.  It was like the 80's all
                over again.  Uh...can we say VGA?  The sounds were almost as
                bad.  Justa whole bunch of grunting and hitting noises.

        GamePlay -- 25%
                After I had finally figured out the keys and what they did I
                tried to play the game...wow, so much fun.  You have six or
                seven moves that I could figure out, and the computer is
                coming out with all the guns, although that might be six or
                seven moves as well for all I know.  I think I can sum the
                game up in two words...VERY BORING!

                                OVERALL 23/100

^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 
                  Time Paradox (c) Flair       [o1/27]
              _ ________________________  _____ ________ _
	       \\_____  \_____  \_____  \/  .  \\_____  \\
              dZG/\   __//  _   |/  ____/.  |   \/\   __/  
               _/  \   \/   /_ _/   /_   |  !  _/  \   \
               \____\   \______\_________|_____\____\   \_
              =======\___/===ù1911ùCDùDIVISIONù======\___/

Ta gra byla okropna...Byla stworzona 5 lat temu....

        Playability -- 30%
                Uhhh...Czo ja robie teraz?  Znalazlem kubek z wodol dla konia
                ktury szika do kubka, y ten kubek bierzes do piekasza, y on
                czi daje pretzla, ktury dajesz do starej baby....y tak dalej.

        Nowoscz -- 25%
                Quest For Glory 2.  Z lasko.

        Grafiki i Dzwiek -- 20%
                Tak.  Byly.

        Game Play -- 10%
                Yeech....jedno slowo....Mutant Penguins!  Bylo popularne w
                europie!!

                                OVERALL 22/100

The poor polish programmer who left this game to razor in a time capsule ten 
years ago also left a small review which we are lucky enough to have.  We have
included it here....if you can't understand it, you probably aren't polish, 
and hence would not like the game.


^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^

              BATMAN - THE ARCADE GAME (c) ACCLAIM [01/09]
              ________________________/¯|__/| ___________
              \___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
              |   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
              |___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
              +--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+

This game was a shocker!!  Who would have thought Killer Instinct could be put
on a 2d scroller??  Well this is as close as you will come!  And for 9 disks, 
how could you go wrong?  By the way, if anyone beats Shadow Master's 150 hit
combo, tell him he sucks!! 

	Playability -- 90%
		Change the controls....helps alot.  Other than that, it is 
		easy as can be.  You beat up the bad guys.  

	Ingenuity  -- 83%
		Can't say I haven't seen this type of game before....10000
		times.  There are some new things though.  Like Combos. 
		Best part of the game is doing a 100 hit combo in holo mode!
	
	Graphics & Sound -- 75%
		Could have used some better sound!!  The sound of glass 
		breaking just is not one of my favorite...especially after 
		the 100th time!  Graphics were decent though.

	GamePlay -- 97%
		Awesome game....kept me occupied for HOURS.  Start a combo
		and watch all the bad guys die...fight bosses, move up levels.
		KILLER GAME!

				OVERALL 88/100 

^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
	     
	     DAYTONA USA (c) SEGA                 [01/19]
	     ________________________/¯|__/| ___________
	     \___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
	     |   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
	     |___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
	     +--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+


This game is exactly like the one in the arcade where you sit down and have
the steering wheel and pedal.  Except you have a shitty little keyboard...
and less realistic...bleh.

	Playability -- 70%
		Without multiplayer...this game just well...sucks.  It is, 
		however, easy to play.  You just accelerate and pass your 
		opponents.

	Ingenuity -- 30%
		Racing car game #999.  Nothing new here...derived from a 4 
		year old arcade racing game. 

	Graphics & Sound -- 60%
		The Graphics were made in 1992, and the music.bin file that 
		was included did nothing but take up 30 megs.  SFX were 
		nothing special.

	GamePlay -- 55%
		With no multiplayer...this game is boring as hell.  The whole
		fun of the arcade game was that you could crash your opponents
		to hell and back and laugh as they fell behind.  30 minutes
		after you get this game, it will be headed for the recycle 
		bin.

				OVERALL 52/100

^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^

	     US NAVY FIGHTERS '97 (c) EA         [xx/46]
	     ________________________/¯|__/| ___________
	     \___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
	     |   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
	     |___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
	     +--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+

What can I say?  Jane's has made tons of flightsims already, and this one is
no different.  New planes, all true to life.  Can't seem to play the campaigns
in this game though....not like I wanted to.

	Playability -- 70%
		Just like any flight sim...much more fun with a joystick.  
		Shoot and fly around...cool! not.

	Ingenuity -- 50%
		Well I don't see much difference from any other jane's game.
		There was ATF, Nato Fighters, USNF Gold etc etc etc...all the
		same game with different planes. Fun.
	
	Graphics & Sound -- 75%
		They weren't bad...nothing to write home about...the planes 
		look cool sitting on the runway. No music, but there was 
		plenty of sound, which was decent.
		 
	GamePlay -- 40%
		Maybe I am not the guy to talk about flight sims, but I don't 
		like them.  This has multiplayer mode which is a plus, but 
		unless you buy the cd you can't have any Campaigns. Just 
		single missions.

				OVERALL 58/100


^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^

	     Admiral Sea Battles *FINAL*          [xx/12]
	     ________________________/¯|__/| ___________
	     \___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
	     |   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
	     |___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
	     +--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+

Nice little strategy game based on boat warfare.  You control some cities, and
you move build boats with money depending on your city's income.  Then you 
move around and kill the enemy boats and cities.  Pretty straight forward.

	Playabililty -- 60%
                 Could use a manual.  Finally figured how to end a turn and
                 Make a ship.  But it took a while.  Oh well.

        Ingenuity -- 45%
                 Well...it is a strategy game...what is so new about that?
                 there were lots of boats in it though...heh.

        Graphics & Sound -- 40%
                 Well...the music sucked hardcore....elevator music to the
                 max.  The graphics were like the ones in panzer general
                 (4 years ago).

        GamePlay -- 50%
                 Wasn't all that much fun.  Got to blow up a few ships though.
                 Yawn.


                                OVERALL 47/100

^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

		       SWIV 3D (C) SCI [XX/18]
		_____ _____  ____ _____  ________________
		\_   | \   \/   / _   /__\_   \_/   _    \
		 |   _  \_  \ _/  \   \ __/___/ |   /    /
		 |___|   |____|___/   /_\   \___|_______/
		  ::d|___|::::::.\___/.:.\___\:::::::::

This game has to be one of the coolest games I've played in a long time.  
Imagine a cross between the motion and graphics of Magic Carpet and the idea
of Apache, but better, and you can start to understand the complete coolness
of this game.  You start off the game as a little helicopter and you fly all
over the place killing stuff and picking other stuff up like missiles and
health and cruise missles and smart bombs and ... well the list just goes on
and on.  Then, in later levels you are a little A.T.V. and you go around
killing more stuff, and you can even get into a helicopter from the A.T.V.
and vice versa.  This is a definite download this week!

	Playability -- 89%
		The only things to figure out in the game are the buttons and
		you don't even have to watch the screen that tells you what 
		your objectives are if you realize that all you have to do is
		follow the white arrow on the top of the screen and blow up 
		the things that have the red sights on them.  After you've 
		mastered those very difficult concepts (HA!) you've got
		the game down.

	Ingenuity -- 94%
		There have been alot of games out in the past and alot of 
		them have looked like previous games.  I mean, how many Doom 
		clones have there been?  But this isn't like anything I've 
		ever seen.  The only thing that even comes slightly close is 
		Magic Carpet, but there is just no way you could compare this
		to Magic Carpet...it's just way too COOL!!!
		
	Graphics & Sound -- 89%
		The graphics in the game are just way cool.  The only thing 
		that could have made the graphics any cooler in my opinion
		would have been a graphically rendered sky and the option to
		change views, even though the way the game changes the view 
		is really awesome anyway.  The sounds were great, very 	
		realistic.  There could have been some background music, but
		that would have been a minor request.

	GamePlay -- 88%
		The game itself rocks.  It's a bit difficult at first when 
		you don't really know how badly you get damaged and it gets 
		slightly frustrating because the game is harder than you 
		wold expect when you start, but it just adds to the addict-
		iveness.  Once, I was playing the game and I finally finished
		the level and checked the time on the level and i had been
		playing for OVER AN HOUR!!!		

				OVERALL 90/100

^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

		    VIRTUA SQUAD (c) Sega PC  [xx/12]
 		________________________/¯|__/| ___________
		\___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
		|   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
 		|___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
		+--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+

Thank God!!!  I thought that this game would never be fixed and I would have 
to go without playing one of my favorite games in the arcade on my pc, but
that wasn't the case.  This game, originally released in the arcade as Virtua
Cop, is almost the exact same as the arcade except for some minor changes.

	Playability -- 85%
		Point, shoot...it's as easy as that...sorta.  A big problem
		was reloading...we couldn't figure out how, but if we had
		bothered to watch the intro deal we would have figured it out.

	Ingenuity -- 40%
		Seeing as though it came straight from the arcade and there 
		have been quite a few other shoot 'em ups...well...yeah.

	Graphics & Sound -- 50%
		Graphics were polygons, just like the arcade, and nothing
		special.  Sound was just like the arcade, and guess what...
		nothing special.

	GamePlay -- 48%
		I found the game fun because I loved the game in the arcade,
		but it could get very tedious.  Also, the game isn't vey hard
		to beat.

				OVERALL 55/100


^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

	     SMART GAMES: WORD PUZZLES            [xx/05]
	     ________________________/¯|__/| ___________
	     \___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
	     |   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
	     |___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
	     +--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+

Highly Brain intensive: WARNING! DO NOT TRY THIS AT HOME KIDS!  Basically 
different types of word games....they give you the max score they have 
computed, and you try to match it or beat it, and it gets harder as you go
along.

	Playability -- 60%
		Well it is sort of straight forward....but difficult to 
		understand their instructions.  Not suggested for the weak 
		of mind (Cough you know who Cough).  

	Ingenuity -- 40%
		Nothing new here....you've probably seen it all in New York 
		Times.  Boring.
	
	Graphics & Sound -- 20%
		Ummm...Elevator Music....and like shitty win95 gfx. That is 
		all there is to say!

	GamePlay -- 60%
		Was entertaining to try and match their scores...or even beat
		them.  Kept me busy for half an hour.

				OVERALL 45/100

^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

	     ALIEN TRILOGY (c) Acclaim            [xx/13]
	     ________________________/¯|__/| ___________
	     \___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
	     |   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
	     |___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
	     +--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+

This game occupied me for all of 5 minutes....crappy graphics crappy gameplay
crappy weapons...total shit.  

	Playability -- 80%
                What is so hard about playing a doom clone?  And when I say
                Doom clone, I don't mean quake or hexen or Doom2.  We are
                talking doom 1.

        Ingenuity -- 20%
                 Doom Doom Doom.

        Graphics & Sound -- 25%
                 SHIT! Ancient crappy doom 1 bitmap shit.  LAME!!!

        GamePlay -- 40%
                 Well, you can only play so many games before you die of
                 boredom.  You have to shoot barrels with your shotgun and not
                 with your hand gun if you want them to blow up.  Lame.

                                OVERALL 40/100

^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^

	     ________________________/¯|__/| ___________
	     \___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
	     |   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
	     |___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
	     +--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+
	     +  Extreme Chess (c) Davidson WIN-CD FULL  +
	     +                [01/24]                   +
	     +------------------------------------------+

Chess....Haven't there been enough chess games yet??  This one wasn't even eye
appealing.  The computer is pretty smart though.

	Playability -- N/A
		What do you want me to say? it is chess...you can either play
		it or you can't.

	Ingenuity -- 20%
		It was pretty ingenious to make it so ugly! Nothing else was 
		very ingenious about this though.

	Graphics & Sound -- 25%
		2d boards look like travel chess with the magnetic pieces. 3d
		boards looked like polygons...sound?? what sound? and would 
		you want sound in a game like this? Nahhhh....

	GamePlay -- 50%
		The computer gives you hints, and playing this for days on 
		end will bring you closer and closer to becoming the ultimate
		living chess computer....yeah right...don't waste your time
		leeching it.

				OVERALL 35/100

^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^
	
	       DEUS (c) SiLMARiLS  *ENGLISH*    [o1/11]
	     ßß ßßßÛÜ ÛÜ ÜÛ ßßßÛÜ ßßßÛÜ ÜÛßÛÜßÛÛßßÜ ÜÛ ßß
	     °° ÜÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ °°D
	     ±± ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛÜÛÛ ßÛÜÜß ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ±±þ
	     ²² ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÜ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ²²S
	     ßß ßß ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ßß
	     ßß ßßßß  ÜßßÛÛ ß   ß ß   ß  ßßß  ß  ÜßßÛÛ ßß
	     11/09/96 ÛÛÜÛÛ   PROUDLY PRESENTS:  ÛÛÜÛÛ ²²
	               ßßß                        ßßß

OH MY GOD....This game sucked soooo bad....it hurt me to play it.  I am told
it is a role playing game, but you seem to float down to the ground where a
guy with a knife starts to slash you to bits while you punch him with your
fist that seemingly does nothing!  When you do manage to land a hit, the guy
screams out in some foreign language.  I ran away hoping the game would get
better, but I just ran into the water got out and suffocated...I dunno why.

	Playability -- 20% 
		Was I even hitting the guy?? beats me....this game SUCKED.  I
		didn't know what I was doing, or how to do it....bah.

	Ingenuity -- 40%
		Well there was a fight....seemed pretty standard....there was
		an ugly landscape...and it was no fun...what a novel idea...
		Let's make a game that is not fun!!! 

	Graphics & Sound -- 55%
		No sound other than the water flowing in the background and 
		the enemy screaming in some wierd language.  The graphics in 
		the main screen sucked hardcore, but the character status 
		window was nicely done, as was the choice menu.  That was the
		only redeeming value of this game.
	
	GamePlay -- 0%
		Never has a game gotten 0 before.  This game flat out SUCKED.
		No two ways about it.

				OVERALL 27/100


^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

		  DEATHDROME (c) Viacom New Media  [XX/11]
		________________________/¯|__/| ___________
		\___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
		|   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
		|___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
		+--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+

This game just reminded me of two things...Doom and that part in the movie 
Tron where they are riding they little speeder bike things.  The game is just
another 3D deal, but this time you are in a motorcycle.

	Playability -- 48%
		When you get into the game you think it's gonna be just like
		any other 3D game, shoot...kill.  Well, that's not the case.
		It's hard as crap to figure out what's going on and how to
		kill people and it's just hard to play.

	Ingenuity -- 25%
		Another 3D game with a motorcycle...wow, how ingenious!

	Graphics & Sound -- 20%
		VGA 3D just doesn't work.  And "bang" "boom" sums up the 
		sound.

	GamePlay -- 48%
		It's gets really boring when you don't know what to do and
		you can't kill anyone.  BAH...

				OVERALL 35/100


^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 
	
		 MiNiGOLF (c) MiCROLEAGUE MULTiMEDIA   [X/1]
		ßß ßßßÛÜ ÛÜ ÜÛ ßßßÛÜ ßßßÛÜ ÜÛßÛÜßÛÛßßÜ ÜÛ ßß
		°° ÜÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ °°D
		±± ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛÜÛÛ ßÛÜÜß ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ±±þ
		²² ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÜ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ²²S
		ßß ßß ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ÛÛ ßß
		ßß ßßßß  ÜßßÛÛ ß   ß ß   ß  ßßß  ß  ÜßßÛÛ ßß
		07.11.96 ÛÛÜÛÛ WE BREAK FOR NOBODY..ÛÛÜÛÛ ²²
		          ßßß                        ßßß

I know this probably sounds really lame, but I played it for a while and I 
really liked it.  It's just like a whole bunch of mini golf levels, but now
on the pc.

	Playability -- 88%
		It'll take a couple of turns to figure out how to shoot, but
		after that it's really easy.

	Ingenuity -- 89%%
		I, personally, have never seen any mini golf games so it gets
		a thumbs up from me.

	Graphics & Sound -- 20%
		The graphics aren't anything special...like EGA.  And the 
		sound...think MAC.

	GamePlay -- 30%
		It was pretty cool to play, but I don't think that it could
		entertain anyone for more than a couple of days.

				OVERALL 57/100


^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

		 Fragile Allegiance (c) Gremlin  [XX/20]
		_____ _____  ____ _____  ________________
		\_   | \   \/   / _   /__\_   \_/   _    \
		 |   _  \_  \ _/  \   \ __/___/ |   /    /
		 |___|   |____|___/   /_\   \___|_______/
		  ::d|___|::::::.\___/.:.\___\:::::::::

Wow, more strategy games!  But this time it's in outerspace, how new and
exciting...HA!!!

	Playability -- 10%
		I couldn't do ANYTHING...except blow up my base and ship.

	Ingenuity -- 5%
		There is nothing new about this...wait...........nope, 
		there's nothing new about this game.

	Graphics & Sound -- 45%
		The graphics weren't that bad and neither was the sound.
		Just very average, at best.

	GamePlay -- 10%
		Uhhhhh........nope, sorry, there isn't any.

				OVERALL 18/100


^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 

			PLAGUE (c) Microforum  [XX/38]
		________________________/¯|__/| ___________
		\___  \ __   /  __/  __/    / |/ ____/  __/_
		|   __/ _/ _/  _| \__  \  \/  /  )  /  _|  /
		|___|\__\   \________  /___\__\__   \______\
		+--------\___/÷e÷/aL!\/--------/_____\-----+

This game really confuses me.  It's you caught in this 3D world with nothing.
All I can figure out is that you are supposed to collect these big light bulb
things.  It's no fun to play C R A P......

	Playability -- 10%
		All I know is that there are these really big light bulbs you
		collect...IS THAT THE GAME?

	Ingenuity -- 10%
		I could've sworn the disks said Plague, not Operation Body
		Count...hmmmmm...

	Graphics & Sound -- 20%
		Really bad 3D graphics and there is no sound....

	GamePlay -- 10%
		Uhhhhh........nope, this one doesn't have any either.

				OVERALL 13/100


^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.^.
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 


OVERALL RATING SECTION


GROUP      # OF RELEASES      TOTAL POINTS      AVERAGE PTS.     RANKING

Prestige         11                556              51.5            1
Hybrid            2                108              54.0            2
Razor             3                123              41.0            3
Dynasty           2                 84              42.0            4
Paradigm          -		   ---		    ----	    - 

Records

Average Pts.       66.5    Paradigm
Releases           11      Prestige
Total Points       713     Prestige




Greets

			 RAZOR, PRESTIGE, HYBRID, PARADIGM
	Bash, Jazz, Mr.Skill, Shadow Master, Ed__ from #bearcave, Spoiled, 
                           Pr0zac Addict, BoSS of d00dz!

This Mag is dedicated to Q-Balls girlfriend and Smaster's boyfriend.
