 ___________________________________________________________________________
(   ____  ____  ____                                                        )
 ) |    ||    |\    \                                                      ( 
(  |    ||    |/____/    Meaning of IR, The trouble with girls              )
 ) |    ||    |\    \    ir file number 026                                (
(  |____||____| |____|   released 08.27.00                                  )
 ) |    ||    |\|    |   by PrinceOfSax                                    (
(  |____||____| |____|   we're just fucking with your mind.                 )
 )  _impulse reality_                                                      (
(___________________________________________________________________________)

IR.  Maybe it is just a coincidence, actually I'm pretty sure it is, but 
think about it anyway.  In Spanish, ir is a verb meaning "to go."  This may 
not seem significant, but think about it.  Impulse Reality has become what 
it is because things go.  If things did not go, nothing would have gone, and 
we would not be going.  But where are we going, you ask?  I don't know.  Why 
are you telling us about it, you ask?  I don't know the answer to that 
either.  Anyway, even if you aren't confused yet, I am, so I'm done writing 
about IR.

-

I came to a startling realization today. Well, actually not too startling, 
and it might not be true about any other guys except me, but I'll say it 
anyway. Girls are much more beautiful when they smile. I don't mean to be a 
happy-shallow-asshole, but I think it's true. At least it seems like it to 
me. Nobody wants to talk to someone who is always unhappy. Yes, everyone has 
to mope sometimes, that's perfectly healthy, but why not do something about 
it? Have a nice day!

Anyway, on a related note; every day, I see a lot of girls walking down the 
hallways who spend too much time and money on their hair, makeup, clothes, 
etc. All I hear from most guys is "wow, she's hot." I don't mean to sound 
like a dickhead, but personally, I think that they are ugly, disgusting 
creatures. And those are most of the guys that will talk to them. Sorry; you 
reap what you sow, my friends. I also hear a lot of girls saying "all guys 
think about is looks." Well, miss beautiful, how much time did you spend 
today improving the way you look? Contrary to that, how much time did you 
spend reading a book, or discussing current political events, or anything 
else to improve your conversational and intellectual side? Just some food 
for thought...
I know a handful of girls who don't fit into that category. Actually, only a 
few. That's all.
And I think that they are beautiful.

                            -PrinceOfSax@hotmail.com
                      HTTP://www.angelfire.com/journal/sax

 ___________________________________________________________________________
(                                                                           )
 )  Copyright  (c)  2000  Impulse  Reality  -  http://phonelosers.net/ir   (
(___________________________________________________________________________)

