xXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx
 ____  ____  ____
|    ||    |\    \
|    ||    |/____/    What is love?
|    ||    |\    \    ir file number 022
|____||____| |____|   released 08.01.00
|    ||    |\|    |   by Xade
|____||____| |____|   we're just fucking with your mind.
 impulse reality

xXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx

Written over a year ago, very serious tone...

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

What is love?

Does one truly know what love is? But... are you sure of yourself? Have you
ever doubted your love for the one you've claimed as your Love? Do you have 
love? Can you be loved? Have you ever stopped and pondered... "What is love?"

Is love a concept? Is it all in one's head? Do we really love people, or do 
we just think we do? Is it a trick that we think we love only one because 
that is what one is expected or supposed to do? Is it just a concept to be 
accepted that we must love? Is love something believed to be true? Should we
love only because others think we all should? Ah, such are those who go 
through life denying all life and feelings to be true. Those are such who 
believe love to be only a concept.

Or... is love simply a state-of-mind? All one does is love and be loved. Do 
you get so far into thinking you love that you start believing you love? Do 
you believe with all your might that you must love; for why would you or the 
other person be together have there not be love present? This is a faulty 
ideal of love most fall victim to, in and out of relationships.

Most believe love to be merely a feeling you have for another. They feel the
need to love; therefore, they do. This is a human need, to love. To feel you
must love, to feel you love, to feel loved: all these things only constitute 
skin-deep feelings. Although, a love such as this, based on feeling, can 
truly mess one up in the process, for it is the phycological mind being 
tampered with in this situation. Love is deeper than just a feeling.


The storybooks that our society's children read, portray love as a nirvana, 
a state where all is peaceful and nothing is disturbed. If love were a 
nirvana, this would return to being "all in your head," a figment of your 
imagination. Movies and storybooks show only this one "side" of love, 
portraying it as such a juvenile feelingto have something so innocent. The 
media pump these ideals of love into our society's heads. So much so that 
those who are victims to this, have predetermined ideas of what love really 
is to themselves. Love is not just the nirvana-like, airy, floaty feeling one
experiences at times. Love is truly deeper than this.

With friendship, there is love; with love, there is friendship. There is no
friendship without love; there is no love without friendship. The two go 
hand-in-hand. Although, there is no love before friendship; there is 
friendship before love. That is how it happens, how it works.

The parties involved must first be friends. For, how can one love another, if
he is not a friend first? How is it love when a husband beats his wife (given
there are phycological problems involved)? When one is a friend, one acts 
like a friend. Would a friend harm you? Would a friend neglect you? Would a
friend not do anything in his power for you? Does a friend provide? Is a 
friend trustworthy? Is a friend loyal? Is a friend faithful to you beyond all
measures? Is a friend there when comfort is needed? Does a friend care? With 
these characteristics come friendship, and with friendship, comes love.

Love is a commitment both parties must partake. There is no mutual love when
there is no mutual commitment. Love is not boastful, for if one loves 
another, he shall not covet or withold anything from the one he loves. One 
shall not covet the love received from the other without returning the love. 
For love is an endless cycle of giving and receiving. Not a one should be 
left out in the cold.

Love is in fact a lifestyle. A style of life, a lifetime indeed, dedicated to
loving the one true friend you love with all your heart. Love is waking up to
the single person you want to wake up to for the rest of your life. The one 
you cant live without. Love is doing anything to be with that one. Love has a
mystery to it, being love itself. Nothing gets in the the path of love. Love
would never allow it. Love is indeed patient. It must be. For it is so much 
more enjoyable to let it grow and take its own path than to rush it for fear
of losing it. But that fear of losing is present in the budding of love. 
Dianna Ross is right, you can't hurry love. Love takes time. And with it 
comes tears, tears of happiness and tears of pain. Love overcomes everything.
The Beatles claim "all we need is love, love is all we need..." The seed of 
love is planted early in friendship. It is left to the friendship to nourish
the love, so that it will be in full bloom. So that one day it can be 
celebrated. Love is a lifetime of dedication to one dearest to your heart. 
Love is that gut-wrenching feeling you get when you pour out your heart to 
someone. Love knows only the ways of love itself. With love, you must endure 
and suffer the pains of the other. You must be willing to cope with your own 
feelings and the other's as well.


Love. If there's a will, there's a way.

29AUG99 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

hallo (:

xXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx
 (c)2k Impulse Reality                    http://www.impulsereality.zzn.com
xXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx