 ___________________________________________________________________________
(   ____  ____  ____                                                        )
 ) |    ||    |\    \                                                      ( 
(  |    ||    |/____/    life in torment                                    )
 ) |    ||    |\    \    ir file number 038                                (
(  |____||____| |____|   released 09.20.00                                  )
 ) |    ||    |\|    |   by death bytes                                    (
(  |____||____| |____|   we're just fucking with your mind.                 )
 )  _impulse reality_                                                      (
(___________________________________________________________________________)


ever known what it was like to really love someone who doesnt even know you 
exist? you watch them week after week wondering if they will ever notice 
you.longing for some type of validation. holding on to the hope that maybe 
someday they will notice you. but it never happens and you continue to watch 
them month after month. like watching telivision.you wonder if you will ever 
be on the other side of the screen. but the thought of seeing them with 
someone else is in the back of your mind tormenting you constantly. you know 
that if you dont make a move soon someone will come and take them away. but 
reality says that its pointless to make a move because you'll just screw 
things up. maybe this is just a cruel trick your heart is playing on 
you. after all they're way to good for you.if it was up to your mind you 
would just forget about it and pursure more realistic relationships. but you 
continue to think with your heart. maybe all these thoughts that seem like 
reality are just negativity. could it be possible that you are good enough? 
the heart can be a cruel tormentor. the strong know when to listen to the 
heart but the weak spend there lives in constant torment from this cruel 
wonder.

 ___________________________________________________________________________
(                                                                           )
 )  Copyright  (c)  2000  Impulse  Reality  -  http://phonelosers.net/ir   (
(___________________________________________________________________________)
