 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
  -oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
         ____  ____  ____
  _I_R_ |    ||    |\    \
   M E  |    ||    |/____/       The Tale of Tommy Monroe
   P A  |    ||    |\    \       ir file number 048
   U L  |____||____| |____|      released 10.08.00
   L I  |    ||    |\|    |      by Xade
   S T  |____||____| |____|      we're just fucking with your mind.
   E Y   even_god_reads_it

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
  -oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]

Tommy Monroe.  The really strange new kid.  The newest junior at Sunnydale 
High School in southwest California.  Porcelain skin and subtly distinct 
features.  Dark black hair and light green eyes.  He stood a full 6 feet one 
inches.  Slight muscular frame, toned.  There was something behind his eyes. 
  Why was he so strange?  Because he was different.  He enjoyed thought.  He 
enjoyed reason.  He found simple pleasures in solving various degrees of 
problems--no matter what the field.  He read everything he could get his 
hands on--mathematics, science, literature, social sciences, history...  His 
love of learning affected his lifestyle.  Within structure there laid 
beauty; within beauty there laid structure.  Maybe this was the reason he 
came to possess so much admiration and devotion to computers.  He couldnt 
keep his hands off them.  Every chance he got, there he was-tapping away at 
the keys. Resistence was futile.  It only gave him more of a desire and 
drive to do more.  He was strange because he devoted all his time to 
computers.  Tommy Monroe was a young man of extreme self-awareness.  He knew 
he was different and decided there was nothing wrong with that.  The other 
children noticed as well.  They envied him.  He had everything they were too 
lazy to find themselves.  He never said anything to anyone.  He went about 
his duties and studied dubiously on.  He ignored the insults and the pain 
they were all trying to cause.  Even the school administration made it 
clearly apparent to Tommy Monroe that he was different.  They tried to make 
him feel like he was unwanted.  This did not bother him, for Tommy Monroe 
felt something more.  He knew there were great things ahead in his life.  He 
could feel them so much it almost seemed that time was just around the 
corner.  His first year passed by.  All the while, Tommy Monroe kept to his 
computers and his studies.

One day some malignant jocks got together and decided they'd show Tommy 
Monroe what _real_ men do.  So a good handful of these jesting jocular jerks 
went over to Tommy Monroe at lunch.  They were being nice to him, trying to 
hide their vainglorious insincere mannerisms.  The jocks invited Tommy 
Monroe to go with them to the lake that weekend.  There would be music, 
girls, and 'lots of fun.'  So he accepted thinking 'hey why not.'  Sure it 
occured to Tommy Monroe that the jocks were merely wanting him there for 
their own entertainment, but it never hurt to see what was really going on.  
It was Saturday.  The pale, muscular-framed Tommy Monroe went out to the 
lake and met up with 'the guys.'  There was loud music, tons of girls, and 
plenty of booz.  Tommy Monroe laughed to himself.  This was the very thing 
that he'd apparently avoided thusfar.  He shrugged and figured he'd let 
loose a little.  So he had a couple beers and started talking to some of the 
girls.  The jock guys thought they were going to be able to mess with him, 
thinking maybe he wouldnt be able to handle his liquor or function normally 
after consumption of alcohol.  This was not so.  Turned out... all the 
liquor did was make Tommy Monroe more of a socialyte.  The ladies went wild 
over him.  He could skool and impress them all with his great knowledge of 
computer stuff.  They were in awe, fawning over him the entire time.  The 
jocks got none of the attention they thought they were going to get--they 
got angry and vengeful.  So the biggest, and stupidest, one went over to 
Tommmy Monroe and said, "hey Tommy Monroe, you jerk, you're like stealling 
all our ladies by impressing them with your awesome computer skills--you 
nerd!!--And just for that, I'm going to punch your lights out!!!"   The big 
surly guy thus proceeds to smack him down, when suddenly Tommy Monroe busts 
out with some mad Ninjitsu.  Bamm!! The big guy fell prostrate on his face 
to the ground.  His nose started bleeding as he realized Tommy Monroe was 
indeed superiour to himself.


No one bothered Tommy Monroe ever again.  He was the coolest guy in the 
school thereafter.  Tommy Monroe was respected and revered.  The ladies 
loved him; the guys feared him.


 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
    Copyright (c) 2000 IMPULSE REALITY PRESS - http://phonelosers.net/ir
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]