 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
     SWEET FUCKING CHRIST! THE HOODLUMS OF THE IMPULSE BRING UNTO YOU...
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
         ____  ____  ____
  _I_R_ |    ||    |\    \
   M E  |    ||    |/____/       Dorkmail
   P A  |    ||    |\    \       ir file number 104
   U L  |____||____| |____|      released 1.17.01
   L I  |    ||    |\|    |      by Xade
   S T  |____||____| |____|      we're just fucking with your mind.
   E Y   even_god_reads_it

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
  -oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]

Hey guys, remember me telling you about the 'dumbass kid Ross'??  (IR file 
075, nerd [see IR file 074] in my electronics class)  I'm sure I told some 
of you how I skooled the kid on linux.  anyway.  For some reason this 
pompous arrogant ass decided he'd start being nice for a change.  And for 
some reason he decided to choose me to be his victim of kindness.  
[chicagian accent] Oh gee golly I'm just a jumpin fer joy here!   So last 
week I was minding my own business reading my linux book and he started 
asking questions of me.  phreak.. i dont even sit remotely close to him at 
all and he comes over and starts talking to me?  He had been sick or 
something the week before when we were doing labs and stuff.  And because I 
was the one who made the Superposition Lab.. he had to consult me for 
answers and methods and crap.  I had no problem with that.. just because 
someone is an asshole doesnt mean I have the right to be an asshole back.  I 
am nice to everyone. I cant help it.  So of course I was nice to this one 
too.  Perhaps it was a new experience to have someone be nice to him?  Maybe 
he liked it a little /too/ much.  Whatever the case, Monday he spent talking 
to me about random stuff.. I was trying to read while not being rude about 
it..  So the bell rang and I was packing up my stuff to leave and he started 
asking me for my email address... I wasnt looking him in the eye or anything 
and I was trying not to be mean, so i asked him "heh, which one?"  'which 
ever one you check often'  I had to leave so I left quite hastily.  In 
discussion with my good buddy Dustin from the class.. we concluded: 'yuck! 
he likes you!'  Not good I thought.  Not good at all.  We had a test 
Tuesday.  So he didnt have the chance to talk to me hahaha.. but the bell 
rang and i was trying to pack up and leave and he came over with paper and 
pen and literally cornered me into giving him my email address.  I didnt 
even see him coming.  So I quickly scribbled something down to satisfy his 
sly deceitful ways.  The rest of the day I spent spazzing out wondering what 
to do.  I've come to the conclusion of not doing a damn thing about it.  
Perhaps he'll just go away.  Rest assured.. he will somehow.

He sent me a dorkmail the other day.. not impressive.. very boring and kinda 
freaky.. what the hell is that thing about the fries???  Do i really fucking 
care?  hah.  And he mentions something about turkey.. I dont friggin eat 
meat.. oh yeah.. note the way he slides 'hax0r' in.. and his spelling of 
it.. phreak.. anyway.  have fun kids.

                            -oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-


Hey, it's Ross here... up at 2:15 AM... again. Programming... again.

OpenGL code... again.

I'm not sure how much you know about OpenGL and/or DirectX, seeing as how 
you favor Linux, but they're both SDKs (Software Development Kits) used in 
games and/or multimedia software. I use 'em in games... OpenGL is on its way 
out...

Wait, was there a point to this email? After 2 AM I think things just ceased 
to have meaning and started to blur. I didn't go to sleep last night, 
either. Haxx0r, I am.

Uhh, yeah...

Actually, I remember, that OpenGL crap did have a point - I'm doing some 3D 
graphics shtick for programming class as a final project. I'm not sure if 
this email has a point however, or if I'm just looking for an excuse to stop 
programming for a second... Probably the latter.

Yay. Another holiday coming soon with turkey, this little purplish goo that 
jiggles when you bump the table, and a family I'm glad I'm not going to see 
in 6 months. All the more reason to suddenly develop a stomach virus and 
feign illness, then spend the day in my room reading my novels (dean koontz, 
michael chrichton or Lucky Charms cereal box) or my texts on something 
computer related.

Hope you have a good holiday... remember, leftover turkey sandwiches are NOT 
your friend. They can strike back when you least expect it, when your back 
is turned, breaking YOUR wishbone!

Hot and delicious... yes, you are so hot and delicious... I'm talking to 
this container of Sonic fries sitting next to me that ceased to be hot and 
delicious several days ago and is probably hot... but in a radioactive 
sense.

Uhh, I'm rambling, I'd better end this before you never speak to me again.
Later,

Ross the not so coherent.

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
          OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD! IT WAS ANOTHER FUCKING IR FILE MAN!
    Copyright (c) 2001 IMPULSE REALITTY PRESS - http://ir.phonelosers.net
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]