 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
  -oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
         ____  ____  ____
  _I_R_ |    ||    |\    \
   M E  |    ||    |/____/       Lies 
   P A  |    ||    |\    \       ir file number 112
   U L  |____||____| |____|      released 1.17.01
   L I  |    ||    |\|    |      by ELeKTriK-hEaD
   S T  |____||____| |____|      we're just fucking with your mind.
   E Y   even_god_reads_it

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
  -oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]


     We live in the dreams of others.  following everyone else..  stepping in
places that feet have tread upon before..  walking down the paths already 
laid for us.  I find that people that need help in life are the weakest of 
our thoughts.  the merry people are the pretenders.  happily pretending 
things are well.  everything we feel is someone else's pain.  every tear we 
drop is another's happiness  they love the hate you have grown for them.  
they want you to feel the way you do.  a child with truth in his mind is a 
potential threat.  so this child's mind is poisoned with their drugs and he 
is left to conform.  lies!  

     Impossibility will lead you there.  chosen by you, the destiny of your 
own life.  break down the world that they have created for you, and step into
reality.  save what is left of yourself.  have your prays been answered?  
have your wishes been granted?  is it all becoming clear?  questions are the
key to knowing the truth.  lies are a way to let ones mind believe the truth
that they have led you to believe is fact when in all actuality it is 
fiction.  huh?  i see no truth in this world.  i see a sick and tormented 
keeper.  a keeper of so many thoughts, of so many prayers, and so many 
fucking lies.  you feel it slipping away through the hole inside your soul.
the soul that some have led you to think was not there to begin with.  
pretend you have that soul.  if not a soul then a hole filling the void left 
by betrayal and lies.  apathy is not healthy..  but then again, neither is 
life.  nothing is forever,  but the mind goes on.  and a lie is a lie is a 
lie is a lie.  say it with me.  i lie is a lie.  there, feel better?  me 
neither.  just stop and think of how many wasted brain cells you have used 
with the lies someone has told to you.  it's quite a bit, isn't it?

     When someone lies to me i feel a great deal of pain.  why?  because 
whomever is feeding me this bullshit doesn't think enough of me to tell me 
the truth.  why bother lying at all?  nothing good can come of it.  a lie 
can be a good thing for a little while.  but eventually the lies you dish out
come back and fuck you in the arse.  you can lie, but the truth will come up
somewhere in the future.  when people lie to me i tend to lose all trust in 
them, along with what little respect i had for them to begin with.  also, 
pretending is another form of lying.  when you pretend to be someone you are 
not..  you're a liar!  you sick, sad, filthy little man!  

     Is there a God?  I always have had a firm belief in christianity and 
that there is a higher power watching over us..  but never in a lot of the 
bullshit they try and feed us in church and in the bible.  you'd think that
only the best of the best could stand up in front of congregation and preach 
about the teachings of God.  let me say this so people do not get offended 
first..  fuck it, if you're offended by this, well, so am i.  who wrote the 
bible?  people.  everyday people like you and i.  you're not perfect, neither
am i, why? because i suck.  that and no one is perfect.  man created the 
bible.  so it must not be 100% accurate.  right?  i mean.. Jesus Christ 
himself did not sit down and write the whole bible.  if Jesus ever published
something, believe me, i'd take it seriously then.  more lies!  some of the 
bible may be true, but some of it may not be.  it's not my place to say 
whether it's bullshit or not..  but as an american, (ha!  i betcha' didn't 
know we still had rights) i am intitled to my opinion.  

     This isn't a "let's bash bible thumpers" file, i'm just trying to use it
as an example of how lies can be so believable, yet so false.  the only 
reason a lot of christians don't explore there options is that they fear 
being sent to hell for an eternity.  how do you know there is a hell?  we 
don't..  i believe that if you are a morally aye-ok person, don't cause harm
to others (unless you feel some sorta' remorse for it), and are somewhat of a
good person..  why should something bad happen to you in the end?  i dunno..
i'm rambling..  i wouldn't look down so much on my religion if i wouldn't 
have to do this or have to do that.  why should religion take over your 
life..  isn't it hard enough in the world today, without having to worry 
about what's gonna happen after death too?  

     So in closing..  try to tell the truth every once in awhile..  hell, try
believing it if you can.  i know the truth is hard to find..  but it's out 
there.  somewhere.
  
     -ELeKTriK-hEaD


 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
          OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD! IT WAS ANOTHER FUCKING IR FILE MAN!
    Copyright (c) 2001 IMPULSE REALITTY PRESS - http://ir.phonelosers.net
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]