 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
     SWEET FUCKING CHRIST! THE HOODLUMS OF THE IMPULSE BRING UNTO YOU...
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
         ____  ____  ____
  _I_R_ |    ||    |\    \
   M E  |    ||    |/____/       Life and the Lack of Happiness
   P A  |    ||    |\    \       ir file number 118
   U L  |____||____| |____|      released 5.4.01
   L I  |    ||    |\|    |      by Death Bytes
   S T  |____||____| |____|      we're just fucking with your mind.
   E Y   even_god_reads_it

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
  -oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-oOo-
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]

life and the lack of happiness
Death Bytes

Foreward: I'll start off by saying that if your a happy person either wake 
the fuck up and realize life sucks and then kill yourself... or just dont 
read this file and continue with your delusions of happiness.

Preface: The point of this file is to open your third eye to the depressing 
reality we call life. And to encourage you to better your self as there are 
enough worthless people already. I did shorten and candy coat this file quite
a lot so it would hopefully be easier and less boring to read.

Drug Recomendation: For those of you who like to take drugs I would recomend 
LSD for this text as it is the best help for opening your third eye.

The Text: First off I'd like to point out that life is just a series of 
moments. For some it may be long and drawn out, while for the luckier ones 
its over in just a short time. No matter how long it lasts it's all the same.
Life in its self is rather generic. The only thing that makes our lifes 
diferent is our outlook. As most humans are incredibly simple creatures they
have a really simple outlook. Their eyes are never open to reality therefore
they never question the life they live (wich is good for those of us who have
opened are third eye because if they were to suddenly wake up we would no 
longer have fast food employees and I dont know about you but I like to enjoy
a big mack while contimplating the meaning of existence). When you're a child
everything is simple. You eat sleep and play and you're happy. But then you
get older and you get a job and you work just so you can make enough money to
live to work longer. Now before you start to think that I'm just one of those
negative goth types let me point a few things out - I do beleive it is 
possible to have a "happy" life, but only once you've opened your third eye
and understand what true happiness is. But before I go into the explanation
of true happiness I have to bring to your realization the falsity of the 
happiness you think you have or hope to obtain, because without first opening
your third eye to the cold reality of life you will never acheive true 
happiness. first I'll describe your typical "simple creature" and explain 
their way of thinking.

	Example: Ever been in a store, or even McDonald's, and the person 
                 behind the register was just so happy?

	Anyone with half a brain would realize that there's something wrong 
with that picture. If I was forced to wear a gay uniform and deal with your
typical asshole customer I would not be smiling. In fact I'd go as far to say
that you would probably see me on the news when the cops came to pry my gun
out of my cold dead hands after my killing spree. If their third eye was open
they would realize that working at a minimum wage job and hanging out with 
friends was not a reason to live. I can't stand to see people living when 
their life has no true purpose. If they would sit down and think they would
realize that things never really work out.

	Example: The divorce rate is at an all time high and seems to still
                 be climbing, so obviously relationships dont work out. 

	For those of you who actualy have a job you like and have any common
sense you would know that you could lose your job at any time being how 
downsizing still seems to be a popular word with companys these days. And of
course everyones had a friend stab them in the back at least once in there 
life time. So what really goes right anymore?

	If you think long enough you'll notice that the bad severely out-
weighs the good. But the simple ones are easily amused. I dont know about you
but it takes more then a sale at Hot Topic to give me a reason to live when I
know all my jobs and relationships are dead ends. 

	Now I'll move on to the true happiness part. I candy coated the 
depressing part as much as possible even though I probably shouldn't have, 
being how it normaly takes some cold reality to wake people up. But oh well.
I beleive that true happiness can be obtained by giving yourself a purpose. 
It may sound simple but if your third eye was already open you would know 
that nothings simple. When I was blind my goal was to get married. I thought
finding that "special someone" would make me happy. But once my third eye was
open I realized that I didnt want to be tied down to some whore. Being how 
I'm too good to be stuck with the left overs of the faggot preps I've grown
to hate. once my eyes were opened to the fact that 90% of females are sluts
and that the chances of me getting one that wasn't were very slim my all 
consuming purpose became the pursuit of ungodly amounts of money and to build
an empire so I could look down on all the simple people and worthless whores 
and show them what they will never be. There are 2 types of people, the 
masters and the slaves. All the simple people found happiness in slavery. But
I opened my third eye and only found depression and discontentment wich will
either drive you to do what it takes to better your self or to suicide. 
Either way your better off then the slaves. And with that I will end this 
rant as it is late and i am very tired.

Any question or comments email me at death_bytes@hotmail.com


 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
          OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD! IT WAS ANOTHER FUCKING IR FILE MAN!
    Copyright (c) 2001 IMPULSE REALITTY PRESS - http://ir.phonelosers.net
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]