     s$
        .d""b.                impulse reality press no. 137
 [-- $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$                     "The Way Men Look At Women"
     $$ $$                           written by mogel
     $$ $$                           released: 9/7/01
 [-- $$ $$ ------ ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$

There's a lot of mixed up social stuff in this world, see, but I ain't
thinkin' bout that none, ya'll, cause I'm just chillin'.  Just chillin' here
with a brew, takin' it easy, see.  See?

Although I'm probably more naive that I want to be, but still somehow am
aware of it, it does seem that the stereotypes are true after all: men seem
to look at women, from my ever-so-limited years of vast and mighty
experience, MORE than women look at men.  And less frequently, I'm willing
to wager, are they thinking about how long our cocks are, like we are ha ha
GAY JOKE BIUT THIS ANT ABOUT GAYS FAGGOT QUEERS FAGGOTS FAGS HAHAHA!!!! what?

Really, guys on the whole to be enormous baffoons who would like very little
else than to get the freaky on every five minutes.  Isn't it assumed that's
how most bear swillin' remote control weildin' folks last?  FIVE MINUTES.
And let's attach nazi torture devices to them for it, too.  The nazis were
good people on the inside.  Get it?  That line is shocking and that's why
it's funny.  Five years ago I'd be in stiches with my Nirvana t-shirt
ablazin'.  WHERE DID YOU SLEEP LAST NIGHT?

I'm fairly certain that there's plenty of guys with noble intentions, too,
who are just that healthy, smear of preversion.  Just enough to keep things
funky and exciting.  Perfect, really.  And not even in the dramatic irony
sense.  I'm perfect.

Really.  I could go on and talk about myself, thus proving my point so
absolutely and fundamentally clear just how perfect I am.

(dramatic irony!!)

(heehee!!!)

Sometimes I get the urge to say "i want to fuck this girl" and because I'm
repressed, I keep it inside most of the time, because I don't want to be
thrown into the categorial cage with the same beasts that openly gape at
britney spears.  I'm happy to be a little preverted, but not a lot.  If you
can fill more than a ZIP disk with porn, you've gone too far.

Of course I'm all for going too far and beinng FUCKED UP WHERE'S THE PUSSY
but not for me.  I'm for it in that free, "I'm an american and I live in
this painfully pathetic delusion that I'm free because I can buy GAP or
ABERCRUMBIE" sorta way.  Am I really repressed or just stable?

Gosh, sometimes my eye DOES dip below the eyes to catch a glimpse of breast.
JUST FOR A SECOND.  DON'T WANNA LOOK LIKE A PERVERT EVEN THOUGH I'M PRETTY
MUCH FUNCTIONING LIKE ONE.  But it's not intentional, sort of.  I can blame
this bizarre habit on biology, and I can do nothing about it.  I can not
alter my God Given behavior, god damn it, because it's Not Natural.  I'm
KEEPING it REAL.

I like looking at girls who are pretty and I'm not ashamed to say it, but
maybe I also don't like making them feel uncomfortable or objectified or
offended or angry because I'm just a silly relatively innocent guy who only
wants to see one or two lesbian JPGs when he's really really horny and we
all get horny because we're human, baby, so ease up on THAT LOOK.

Help me.  mogel@dumbassandthefag.com.


[-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
  the clever thing to do here would be to put some sort of copyright. no.
                        http://www.phonelosers.net/ir
[-------------------------------------------------------------------------] 