     s$
        .d""b.                impulse reality press no. 157
 [-- $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$                           "Rotten Society"
     $$ $$                            written by Loc
     $$ $$                          released  12/27/01
 [-- $$ $$ ------ ------------------------------------------------------ --]

Fuck the bullshit.

    Having said that, let me explain myself. Society, tradition, life and the
world is like a tiny doghouse that is never replaced but constantly built on.
While the latest ultra modern shell may look spiffy as hell, under it, layers
are dead and dying and that original dog house has rotted away, but its 
original design has to work with the current shell; everything built around 
it is based on its structure. Ideally, things would be restructured once in a
while, but that is not the way of human kind, but to take the easy way out. 
So, in the 21st century we are sitting on our fat asses in our clothes 
assembled by small children in china and sold for several hundred percent 
profit at our computers, which are largely a tool of the new age, but inside 
of houses built decades ago, and attending educational institutions using 
the same ideas that were conceived in the 19th century, living with the same
social patterns as were around for centuries before.

	Life, on the most part, sucks. It doesnt suck because everything is 
evil or we are all doomed, but because we are living in the past and we 
refuse to fix that shit up. How many people use the things they are forced to
learn ? Of course, it would be unspeakable to change educational institutions
to teach PRACTICAL USEFUL INFORMATION, that would be fucking blasphemy. 
Social acceptance and conformity causes people to pay ridiculous amounts of 
money they earned from a job the hate but continue with soley to earn a few 
bucks to buy useless pieces of crap that will make them fit in. 

       On the exterior, though imperfect, society may appear almost sensible.
But back behind the shiny happy ultra modern skins of society, the framework
is collapsing. Eventually, it will come crashing down, with almost everything
reaching an evolutionary dead end. Get the fuck out of the rotted, shitty, 
and yet entirely nice looking house, and build another doghouse. You'll need 
it.


 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   the clever thing to do here would be to put some sort of copyright. no.
                         http://www.phonelosers.net/ir
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]