     s$
        .d""b.                impulse reality press no. 173
 [-- $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$                         "Treacle Conspiracy"
     $$ $$                        written by FishBanana
     $$ $$                           released 3/03/02
 [-- $$ $$ ------ ------------------------------------------------------ --]

     ....but i guess you were talking to the plant through that 1980's 
walkie talkie

boy, once is never enough, cough like that, spazz like that, then spit it 
out.  gus would never withold his feelings in public, he felt natural, he 
was sad, so he would cry or grumble and contort his face, people never 
understood why, they just wanted to comfort him and tell him that it was ok. 
but when they couldnt make him stop, they just started crying too because it 
was just so sad and they didnt know why.

   one day gus felt like telling a chinese woman mopping up a spill of 
orange slice in a schlotsky's deli his story about how in germany, he had to 
pay for each refill he wanted, but in the u.s. he only had to pay once and 
he could drink as much as he wanted to.  the chinese lady just looked at him 
and told him that his refill was free and he only had to pay if he wanted 
another cup.  she didnt understand why gus was even talking to her, and gus 
wonders if most adults think that way.  he said to her, " the world has 
stolen your heart" and then he walked out.

gus wasnt weird looking, he wasnt one of those guys who makes you think that 
it might be hard to love them, like their too big and ogerish, or thick 
skulled, bearded and brutish. girls liked gus. he was petite for a man, 
sometimes he could even fit in your hand.

gus was getting fed up with the public around him. they werent giving or 
compassionate, except to their dogs who didnt judge them.  gus stoppped his 
car on the shoulder of a busy freeway and pretended to have car trouble. no 
one stopped for hours, it got dark and no one stopped or asked if they could 
call someone for him.  he was ashamed of humanity. people are scared these 
days, you say? screw being scared, we still all have gut instincts, unless 
the microwaves and cellphones have burnt them out, gus wasnt scared of 
people, he was scared of what they have become.
all in all, life will never be the same. oh shit maximum exposures on!

 rainbathe@hotmail.com

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   the clever thing to do here would be to put some sort of copyright. no.
                         http://www.phonelosers.net/ir
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]