     s$
        .d""b.      impulse reality press no. 215 - at war with anada.
 [-- $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$                              "The List"
     $$ $$                          written by Murd0c
     $$ $$                          released 10/10/02
 [-- $$ $$ ------ ------------------------------------------------------ --]

List of why my life sucks and reasons behind them.

1. I'm white european. (You see, its hard being a pasty white guy in a world
of hot sexy tanned people who go outside and see the light of day.)

2. I'm fat. (This one is my own fault. When you dont sleep normal hours and
dont excersise and eat Arbys all day, youre bound to get fat. Get off your
ass, quit playing with your computer and do something.

3. I'm too smart for my own good. (You see, i have a very high IQ, and
people tend to think i am smart. Well, i dont think so, and i am very lazy,
i hate doing anything. and people say: YOURE SO SMART, WHY DONT YOU EVER
APPLY YOURSELF?! Well, i wish i was stupid then people could quit harrassing
me about it.)

4. I hate my job. (Well, I work at Arby's where every Mexican and Chinese
person comes in and starts speaking in foriegn tounges at me. Plus, Arbys
gives me 50% off employee discount, further adding to my fat ass. I work
with a bunch of ill-tempered assholes who dont speak english and make fun of
me alot because i am so very very white.)

5. I'm gay. (Well, its hard being white and fat. To top all of that shit
off, lets add that youre gay. Well, now being an outcast, i am an outcast of
an outcast. I wish i could come out to my family, which brings me to my next
reason my life is so bad...)

6. I have no will to change. (If i could stay closeted my whole life, which
would be nice, but i must come out sometime. Living my whole life as a lie
would be wrong. But i am afraid that my parents would hate me and disown me
for life, throw me out of the house and never speak to me again.)

7. I am a convicted felon. (In Febuary, i was convicted of Theft of a
firearm, a felony class two. Possesion of a Firearm by a Minor, a felony
class three and possesion of a small amount of narcotics, a felony three.
Steming from when i got caught stealing a gun from my stepdad. A glock .45
semiautomatic. My suicide gun, but he found it in my room, along with a
little baggie of heroin. I served 2 months in jail. From Dec. 21st 2001 -
Feburary 23rd 2002. And i was sentenced to 12 months probation, and 120
hours of community service. Luckily, this probably wont end up on my
record.)

8. I am not popular. (I know that people say that High School is bullshit
and it dosent matter if your popular. Thats bullshit. I have ZERO, as in 0
NO FRIENDS. No one likes me. Sad isnt it? I sit at home every friday and
saturday night and wonder why i am not out having fun. Instead, i cry.
Because i am alone.)

That wraps it up for now.

-Murd0c formally known as Darude-Sandstorm

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   the clever thing to do here would be to put some sort of copyright. no.
                         http://www.phonelosers.net/ir
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]