     s$
        .d""b.      impulse reality press no. 223 - at war with anada.
 [-- $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$                           "You Dirty Fucks"
     $$ $$                         written by outreach
     $$ $$                          released 10/10/02
 [-- $$ $$ ------ ------------------------------------------------------ --]

   Despite what you may or may not think after reading this article, I am a
very strong advocate of science and the experimentation required for the 
progression of such knowledge. But regardless of my strong position when it
comes to the natural evolution of the sciences, I am greatly disturbed by the
recent news that has concerned the doctor planning to fly two, excuse the
stereo-type but, backwood-hick ignorant pieces of scum-sucking mother fuck
out of the country where he can clone the wife so they can have a baby.

   First off, I would like to say that the interview on CNN I saw with these
two people makes the whole situation bad enough. They must be 45-55 years
old, and from the sound of it they posess a whopping fourth grade education.
Now intelligence has nothing to do with whether one has the right to
reproduce or not (in my opinion, this is immensly unfortunate). But, when it
comes to something that is such a big deal like cloning... all I see is two
vastly uninformed dumbfucks making the decision. Every time the interviewer
asked them a question, they were forced to stray off topic and start talking
about God's wishes and all of that bullshit; simply because they weren't
capable of answering anything as far as ethical, moral, or technological
inqueries went. In fact, I believe they said they didn't want to adopt
because chilren up for adoption are a "health hazard."

   Right, and cloning the ugliest bitch ever to grace the institution of
cable television isn't. For fuck's sake, don't put your child through the
torture of looking like you!

   Anyway. The real thing that bothers me is that I see the occurance of
human cloning as the whole of humanity jumping yet another major hurdle on
the way down the path towards an Orwellian future of sorts. I do not believe
we are really all that far off from having our DNA tagged onto our necks via
scannable barcodes or implants. You think identity theft is bad now? Just
wait. If I sound insane, then you probably need to wake up a little bit.
We're already dealing with issues such as health insurance companies wanting
to test DNA to discover any "defects" in applicants ahead of time.

   I'm going to cut this off now, because not being an expert in the subject
stunts my abilities to rightfully blabber on into the technical or
sociological intricacies surrounding this topic. Hopefully though, if you
feel the same as I, this article will give some peace of mind that you're
not the only one with these feelings and concerns. And besides, I think the
rant stylings of "backwood-hick ignorant pieces of scum-sucking mother fuck"
probably ruined my ability to sound credible, heh.

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   the clever thing to do here would be to put some sort of copyright. no.
                         http://www.phonelosers.net/ir
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]