     
        .d""b.      impulse reality press no. 226 - at war with anada.
 [-- $$ $$  $$ -- ------------------------------------------------------ --]
     $$ $$                                "Faces"
     $$ $$                          written by Jerry V
     $$ $$                          released  10/10/02
 [-- $$ $$ ------ ------------------------------------------------------ --]

    Byrom Hoover Bush's, also known as the Whistling Man due to following his
speech therapist's suggestion he whistle before saying a word that began with
a consonant, next subject had hard prim lips, weak cheekbones, dark eyes and
thin light brows.  It was if her face was meant to belong to someone else.

    He told her the photograph he sent to a Buffalo newspaper contest of a 
tree leaning on telegraph wires which in a pseudo modest way, he admitted had
won first place.  To sculpt moods to manifest on faces, he even told her of
his wife's hysterical letters which he would have a friend send him from a
prestigious Boston address so she would never find him in the marginal area
he was no living for he would be damned if he would pay child support for the
four children of whom he knew for sure the last two were not his.

    Three weeks into their friendship and two photograph sessions that he 
promised he would reimburse for her very valuable time, for didn't one of
the Founding fathers named Benjamin Franklin say in his guarded wisdom that
indeed time was money and if one didn't value an in God we trust dollar try
going to borrow some, Patricia showed him a photo of herself with three
masked men.  All naked!  She with a wide grin was right smack in the middle
of all the flesh.  She lived on the fifth floor of the tenement and this so
intrigued him that he asked her out to dinner with money he borrowed from his
father who said in his disdainful way: "Do you think money grows on trees,
Byrom?"  Byrom shook his head and covered his smile that was in great need of
an upper denture so as not to disturb the "Old Warrior" more than he was.
It was a known fact in his father's family many dollar bills died of 
suffocation deep inside pockets so seldom did they ever see the light of day
or night for that matter!  Yet he agreed with his father that the importance
of money measured the full worth of a man as did most of the founding fathers
who owned slaves.

    Patricia threw him out of her place the night he threw away all his good
will when he asked: "(Whistle) could I (whistle)photograph all (whistle) your
(whistle) holes (whistle) being (whistle) stuffed (whistle) by (whistle) your
(whistle) men (whistle) friends?"  

    She called him a kinky gasohol and if he ever tried to come into her
apartment again she would sic her masked friends on him and he would look
like all those bad guys after the Lone Ranger and Kimosabi got threw with 
them!

    From that day on he avoided that face that could have belonged to someone
else and in his dark room he developed many pictures of the one she gave him:
surrounded by flesh and masked

 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]
   the clever thing to do here would be to put some sort of copyright. no.
                         http://www.phonelosers.net/ir
 [-------------------------------------------------------------------------]