
From xx609@prairienet.org Sat Mar 29 08:27:23 1997
Date: Sat, 29 Mar 1997 00:09:00 -0600 (CST)
From: Media Poll <xx609@prairienet.org>
To: ftp@etext.org
Subject: The Media Poll - No. 5

_______________________________________________________

THE MEDIA POLL        Number 5           March 28, 1997
_______________________________________________________

By John Marcus

Featuring:

-YOU HEARD IT THERE FIRST: "In Your Face"
-POPULAR ARTS IN REVIEW: Luscious Wayne
-REVISITING THE GRAMMYS ("Do We Have To?")

--------------------------------------------
[To receive The Media Poll by email, request a free subscription at 
xx609@prairienet.org]


YOU HEARD IT THERE FIRST: "In Your Face"

It's one of those phrases that just won't go away. First it was the 
Beastie Boys ("Some voices got treble/some voices got bass/we got the 
kind of voices that are in your face") in 1989, then about 10 million 
other would-be wags, then the Chicago Tribune in 1996, when it declared 
that its arch-traditionalist sports section would now, in the spirit of 
the '90s, be IN YOUR FACE. My face just hasn't got room for that part of 
the paper, thank you very much. Try someone else's.

IT'S A RAP THING, it's a sports thing, it's a cultural bloody phenomenon. 
The 1994 Republican Congress even wanted to get in your face. "Face" has 
its proponents and its detractors. In August 1994, according to the 
Richmond Times-Dispatch, Virginia "state Health and Human Services 
Secretary Kay Coles James told young people not to be victims and urged 
them to overcome life's obstacles with an 'in your face' attitude." But 
in a Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Op-Ed piece in April 1995, Frederick J. 
Rokasky took "face" to task, blaming talk radio, Newt Gingrich, and Pat 
Robertson for fostering an in-your-face cultural climate (for over "a 
decade and a half") that led to an action as hateful and full of 
unchecked anger as the Oklahoma City bombing. And in the San Antonio 
Express-News earlier that year, one Larry Hufford suggested that the 
attitude was so pervasive in our culture that is has become "fully 
integrated into mainstream American values." Without significant 
discussion and analysis, he lamented, " there is little
hope for the commonweal."

Because our electronic archives don't recognize the word "in", it is 
impossible to quantify the trend without dirtying the methodology up with 
thousands of instances of "egg on your. . . " and "plain as the nose on 
your. . ." But for all you slanghounds dying to know, the first known 
published instance of "in your face" was:

February 17, 1982
The Daily Oklahoman

In an article on college basketball of all things, two of the Big Eight's 
newer coaches--Oklahoma's Billy Tubbs and Oklahoma State's Paul 
Hansen--were said to prefer "wide-open, up-and-down-the-floor, 
in-your-face basketball."

Now you know who to blame.

__________________________________________________________________

POPULAR ARTS IN REVIEW

Pop Music: Luscious Wayne

By Mimi Schneider

MY FAVORITE ERA in the history of my relationship with any pop record is 
the precise moment when I've heard the record often enough to become 
acutely aware of its various musical and lyrical twists and turns--and 
avoided enough of the work of the Professional Rock Press to remain 
blissfully unaware of the details of the lives of the Artistes in 
question. I am now enjoying such a relationship with the current 
recordings by two of New York City's finest youth orchestras, Fountains 
of Wayne and Luscious Jackson.

The name is self-consciously dumb, but the two wiseacres who make up 
Fountains of Wayne are bright enough to have single-handedly 
(well--four-handedly) brought power pop back from the land of the 
reissues Time-Life forgot. These guys know the sources (Raspberries, 
Paley Bros., Shoes, the inevitable Big Star) well enough to dispense with 
slavish imitations of them. With enough post-grunge crunchiness in the 
guitars to establish contemporary rock street-cred and enough 
blippy-bloopiness in the occasional keyboard filigree to conjure up 
appropriate retro-pop references, FOW would have already made a killer 
record...and we haven't even gone into the songwriting, all 
"coffee...cream...Xerox machine" and "PATH train" specific and "funny how 
the ground can't find my wheels/I'm drivin' where the road ain't there" 
fantastic about the lives and loves of young Lower 
Manhattanites-on-the-make circa 1996. 

THESE DOWNTOWN BOYS want their grrls to "leave the biker, break his 
heart" kick the bozo "reading Playboy on your couch" to the curb, and 
take a ride in their "Survival Car," just so they can "Sink To The Bottom 
With You." I've seen some in the Professional Rock Press try to interpret 
that song as the album's obligatory post-Cobain homage, but to me the 
most poignant sounds on the record are the blended quotations from 
"Surrender" (Cheap Trick) and "Clowntime is Over" (Cheap Costello) which 
waft through "Something I Do Well." FOW do it well indeed; the only "bad" 
thing I could possibly say is that it's amazingly hard to believe that in 
1996 in New York City one could make a pop record which is so singularly 
uninfluenced by Black music.

LUSCIOUS JACKSON DON'T HAVE that problem. Teaming up with Daniel Lanois, 
the Anne Rice of the recording studio, these four New Yorkers have vastly 
expanded on their original white-girls-in-the-Beastie-Boys-orbit gimmick. 
"Fever In, Fever Out" is chock full o'maturity, yet finds the band's 
principal songwriters, Jill Cunniff and Gabrielle Glaser, keeping in 
touch with the concerns of young women everywhere. The opening track and 
first single, "Naked Eye," is ultra-catchy textbook hip-hop, with samples 
and loops that set the tone for the rest of the album's clattering and 
clanging mixes and live, if rudimentary, drumming. The soul and blues 
touches which have worked their way into Cunniff's songs over the years 
are given the musical settings ("Mood Swing") in which they can fully 
flower on this record, which even veers into pop with the brilliant "Why 
Do I Lie," an antidote to commercial grrlie-rock that every fourteen year 
old girl (and every woman who can accurately recall being a fourteen year 
old girl) should long for. Glaser's "Electric" is another highlight; the 
sentiment "It feels so good to be alive " may hold no relevance in my 
pathetic life, but I'm still enough of a romantic to cheer it on when I 
hear it on a record.

  -MIMI SCHNEIDER is a singer/songwriter and the producer of the Roots
   of Lounge web site <http://www.gonix.com/rol>

____________________________________________________________

REVISITING THE GRAMMYS ("Do We Have To?")

I MUST SAY there was a small but very tangible sense of satisfaction upon 
hearing the news that Celine Dion won album of the year.  Not that I've 
ever heard the singer's disc let alone sung along to it in my sleep, but 
rather because it validated my crackpot scheme to predict Grammy winners 
based on media coverage volume during the year.  But alas, I'm only 
batting .500, as that crumb bum Eric Clapton of Hackney took record of 
the year away from Alanis Morissette, the other woman Canuck upon whose 
fortunes my theory was resting.

One reader suggested, however, that rather than measure coverage during 
1996 (during which time all the records in question were released), I 
should look at media coverage during the time from when the nominations 
were made public until the awards were announced.  Now, I don't know how 
soon after the nominations are announced that votes are actually cast, 
but I thought I'd take a look just the same.

TAKING INTO ACCOUNT the period of January 7 until February 26, then, 
guess what happens?  Neither prediction comes through.  But 
interestingly, the artist with the most coverage in both categories was 
Smashing Pumpkins, who won in neither of these slots but took away a 
statue for best hard rock performance, one of seven nominations they'd 
received.  And take away the hype those seven chances of winning 
generated (i.e. remove the Pumpkins from our competition), and Celine and 
Eric take the top slots in their respective races, allowing the MP10 to 
show its face in public once again. . .

______________________________________________________________


GRAMMY FOR BEST INSULT IN A LYRIC:

"He was a miserable bollocks and a bitch's bastard's whore."

		-Shane Macgowan, *Boys From the County Hell*, 1984
_______________________________________________________________

---------------------------------------------------------------

For now, past issues of the Media Poll are available at:

http://www.prairienet.org/mediapoll

To subscribe to the email version, email xx609@prairienet.org
To complain, email xx609@prairienet.org


The Media Poll is Copyright 1997 by John Marcus
