<<--Best Viewed : Full Screen using monospace font-->>

=======================================================
                    NetNotify 
       The Newsletter for Network Professionals
         May 19th, 1996 - Volume 1. Edition 2

    via FTP - ftp.netcent.com/netnotify/netno1-2.txt
    via CIS - GO NOVUSER - download netno1-2.txt
=======================================================

You may (un)subscribe to NetNotify by sending a message 
to NETNOTIFY-REQUEST@KI.NET with the word (un)subscribe 
in your message.

Vendors, PR Agencies and MARCOM personnel with 
important information to get out to the masses should 
direct inquiries to NETNOTIFY-MARKETING@NETCENT.COM.

Mail administrators interested in making NetNotify 
available to a large number of internal employees and 
reducing traffic to their Internet gateway should 
direct inquiries to NETNOTIFY-LISTMASTER@NETCENT.COM.

=======================================================

Now in edition 2, we are continuing to pickup speed and 
our subscription base continues to grow! To everyone 
that has sent in suggestions and comments, a hearty 
thank you!  Since edition 1, we have some news and 
reminders that we would like to get out:

NetNotify Via FTP and CompuServe
--------------------------------

In addition to direct delivery of NetNotify, we are now 
available via FTP and on CompuServe. For FTP access, 
visit "ftp.netcent.com/netnotify" and on CompuServe, 
visit the NOVUSER forum (GO NOVUSER).  File naming will 
be NETNOx-y.TXT, where X is the volume number and Y is 
the edition.

Document Retrieval Service
--------------------------

The document retrieval service is running full steam 
ahead.  Whenever you see reference to a DOC-ID: within 
the newsletter, that means that you can request a 
document to be sent to your email directly, providing 
more in-depth information.  To use the service, send a 
message to INFO@NETCENT.COM. In the body of the message 
include the command "info filename", without the quotes 
and without any additional text.  Replace "filename" 
with the filename in the DOC-ID field of the 
newsletter. 

NOTE - Do NOT include the text "DOC-ID" in your 
request.

NetNotify is Net Friendly
-------------------------

To become as "net friendly" as possible, several 
gateways have been created overseas and within various 
large corporations in North America.  The gateway 
allows us to send one message to the gateway which then 
distributes to every local user.  This is a real 
bandwidth saver for overseas users and it makes life 
easier on the mail administrators in large companies.   
For companies interested in reducing the mail to their 
Internet gateways, send our Listmaster a message at 
NETNOTIFY-LISTMASTER@NETCENT.COM.

Subscriber Polls
----------------

We have added a section to the newsletter called 
"Voting - You Can Make A Difference". This area 
provides a listing of current issues that we are 
polling our subscribers on.  Issues in question are 
directly related to the publication and distribution of 
NetNotify.  Please take a few  minutes to read through 
the section and cast your ballots! It only takes a few 
minutes (IF that) and allows us to customize the 
newsletter for the people that matter most - you, the 
subscribers!


Thanks for your support of NetNotify!

Douglas J. Archell
Publisher/Editor-In-Chief 

=======================
What's In This Edition?
=======================

  Voting - You Can Make A Difference
o   Cast Your Ballots - NetNotify Goes HTML?
o   More Often/More Information?

  General News and Tidbits
o   BrainShare CD's Still In The Works
o   Chatting Away on CompuServe
o   Doing The Message Shuffle with NetWire
o   CIS Support Goes Interactive
o   GroupWise Kisses DOS Farewell
o   Long Reaching Virus Still Kicking
o   Internet Filled with Previously Overweight, Lonely, 
    Poor people

  Education, Seminars and Conferences
o   Microsoft SOLVPROV Needs Schedule Plus!
o   More Time For New and Current CNE's!
o   Calling The Certified - Novell Wants Input!
o   First Look And Demonstrations of Exchange

  New Products
o   Publishing on the Intranet with InnerWeb Publisher
o   NetWare Print Queues Now Easier To Manage

  Promotions and Price Slashing
o   50 GroupWise Licenses - Yours for FREE
o   Get Bitten and Win!
o   Free DS Expert for NetWare 4.1 Promotion
o   Free NIC's from Digital!!

  Patches and Fixes
o    NetWare Clients
o    Novell GroupWise
o    Novell LAN Workplace/WorkGroup
o    NetWare Mac/AppleTalk
o    Arcada Backup Exec
o    Palindrome SM/BD
o    ARCserve
o    InnocuLAN
o    Compaq

  The Winners Circle - Current Contests
o    Contest - Free Edition of NSEPRO   
o    Contest - Win COLD CA$H

  Getting In Touch with Us
  Copyright and Distribution

==================================
Voting - You Can Make A Difference
==================================

----------------------------------------
Cast Your Ballots - NetNotify Goes HTML?
----------------------------------------

A vote is in progress to determine whether NetNotify 
should remain as it is now, a plain ASCII email 
message, or be turned into an HTML document. If 
NetNotify goes HTML, we will be able to deliver 
improved functionality, in a much more visually 
appealing manner.  As an HTML document, the newsletter 
would continue being delivered right to your desktop to 
be viewed in NetScape, Internet Explorer, or the 
browser of your choice.  It is also important to note 
that there would be no graphics files distributed with 
the newsletter: hence, the file size would remain 
relatively the same!

There are still a great number of people that haven't 
voted, but you still have time! Even if you don't mind 
either format, please take a couple seconds to cast 
your vote!

That said, it's time to cast your votes by sending a 
message to one of the following addresses.

HTML-YES@NETCENT.COM
HTML-NO@NETCENT.COM

Votes will automatically be tallied and presented in a 
future edition of NetNotify. The polls close May 31!

----------------------------
More Often/More Information?
----------------------------

Our suggestion box began to fill from subscriber 
requests to increase the distribution frequency and the 
content provided. To answer these requests, we are 
proposing the following.

At times, a vendor is holding a special promotion for 
free products, services, or drastic savings on product 
X. On occasion, we would prepare the bulletin and have 
it sent out to everyone immediately.  This will reduce 
the size of the regular newsletter going out, thus, 
breaking up the time needed to read the newsletter into 
more manageable chunks.

If we go this route, it is important to note two 
issues:

1. You would NOT receive more than 1 message per day. 
Important issues/bulletins that should go out ASAP 
would be compiled into a single message to be sent out.

2. The same rules and regulations about what can be 
sent to NetNotify subscribers still apply. This means 
that you will only receive information about a product 
if it is new to the market, if there is a special promo 
going, or if there is some "news worthy" update/change 
available. You will NEVER receive any type of "sales 
pitch" for a product that already exists on the market 
for the sole purpose of getting the word out to 
increase sales.

Another request was for brief reviews of hardware, 
software and new books hitting the market.  We have 
various writers available with extensive industry 
experience more than willing to provide this type of 
feedback.  If you are interested in brief, to the 
point, honest reviews, let us know and we'll get 
working on them right away!

That said, it's time to cast your votes by sending a 
message to one of the following addresses.

MORE-YES@NETCENT.COM
MORE-NO@NETCENT.COM

Votes will automatically be tallied and presented in a 
future edition of NetNotify.  

========================
General News and Tidbits
========================

----------------------------------
BrainShare CD's Still In The Works
----------------------------------

We've received several queries from subscribers asking 
if we could look into something for them.  If you're 
like them, you were at Novell's Brainshare conference 
earlier this year, but are still waiting to receive the 
conference CD from the event.  Well don't worry, the 
mailman didn't eat it.  The CD's are still being 
produced at this time.  If we all keep our fingers 
crossed, we should see something coming through the 
pony express early this summer.

---------------------------
Chatting Away on CompuServe
---------------------------

The CompuServe clan have some great online conferences 
coming up over the next two weeks. If you're on 
CompuServe already, be sure to check them out! If not, 
this may just be the reason to sign-up today.  All 
conferences are being held within the CompuServe 
Convention Center - GO CONVENTION.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 22 - 8 p.m. EDT, Raleigh Pinskey 
discusses the use of in-store promotions.

THURSDAY, MAY 23 - 9 p.m. EDT, career consultant Dean 
Porter discusses resume writing and other employment 
strategies.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 29 - 8 p.m. EDT, author Jay Conrad 
Levinson  discusses his new book, "Guerrilla 
Marketing".

SUNDAY, JUNE 2 - 8 p.m. EDT, author Daniel J. Barrett, 
discusses online privacy and scams.

--------------------------------------
Doing The Message Shuffle with NetWire
--------------------------------------

If you haven't been online with CompuServe NetWire in 
the past week, you're in for a suprise.  The NetWare 
3.x (GO NETW3X) and NetWare 4.x (GO NETW4X) forums have 
undergone a facelift, adding several new message areas.  
To ensure the quickest response to your technical 
support questions, be sure to post in the right area! 
Would we leave you hanging like that? Nah, of course 
not! For your reference, the new areas are listed 
below.

 NETW3X

 1  - Printing
 2  - Public Utilities
 3  - NLM\Console Utils
 4  - Lan Cards\Drivers
 5  - Lan Protocols
 6  - Lan Cabling
 7  - Documentation
 8  - Install\Upgrade
 9  - Abends\Debugging
 10 - Data Storage\Disk
 11 - CD\Tape
 12 - Server Backup
 13 - SFTIII
 14 - Namespace

 NETW4X

 (same as 3.x with the following additional areas:)
 15 - NDS(Dir. Services)
 16 - NetWare SMP

----------------------------
CIS Support Goes Interactive
----------------------------

Who likes being on hold for 30 minutes to ask for 
technical support? Or, when you have a problem, posting 
a message and waiting 24hrs for a response? Well, if 
you're a CompuServe user, kiss that pain goodbye.  Tech 
support is now available live! On CompuServe, GO CSLIVE 
and you can get answers to your technical or general 
queries right away, no more elevator music!  CSLIVE is 
currently available between the hours of 1pm and 10pm 
EST but availability is expected to increase in the 
near future!

-----------------------------
GroupWise Kisses DOS Farewell
-----------------------------

DOS junkies won't be happy to hear that Novell will no 
longer be making any enhancements to DOS based 
GroupWise products.  The enhanced functionality and 
ease of use within the graphical environment makes it 
difficult, and in some cases impossible, to recreate to 
same functionality in the DOS environment. For 
GroupWise XTD, there are no plans to create a DOS 
Client, or a DOS Administration or Message server at 
all.  If you'll still be needing to provide DOS client 
access, fear not. A GroupWise 4.1 Post Office with the 
4.1 DOS Client can still be maintained within GroupWise 
XTD.

---------------------------------
Long Reaching Virus Still Kicking
---------------------------------

Although old news for some, SSS-Sensible Security 
Solutions Inc. Representatives in Canada of Dr. 
Solomon's Anti-Virus Toolkit, have re-issued a 
statement regarding the Tentacle Virus.

The virus sample they received was found on the 
alt.cracks newsgroup, attached to a posted file called 
DOGZCODE.ZIP. It is a direct action file virus, which 
infects Windows programs. 

Each time an infected program is run, one file in the 
current directory becomes infected, followed by two 
files in the Windows directory.

The payload acts between midnight and quarter past 
midnight. A program that becomes infected within this 
time has it's  standard icon changed to an icon of a 
tentacle.  This change is not immediately obvious.  It 
is not until you attempt to change the icon, delete the 
icons in the program group and attempt to replace them, 
or if you run and minimize the program that the 
tentacle icon will display itself.

For more information visit Dr. Solomon's web page at 
http://www.drsolomon.com/vircen/alerts.html

---------------------------------------------------
Internet Filled with Previously Overweight, Lonely, 
Poor people
---------------------------------------------------

There is a serious problem with Internet mail. It's 
been around for some time, and will continue to get 
even worse as more and more people jump on the band 
wagon.  The problem: people that use to be overweight, 
lonely and poor.

Are you confused? Well, let me illustrate.

"Hi, my name is Sally. When I was 17 yrs old, I used to 
weigh 450lbs.  I always felt that my life was not worth 
living, but when I found out about Simta, everything 
turned upside down.  Using Simta, I was able to loose 
50 lbs each month, and you can too!"

"Are you lonely? Are you tired of the bar scene? If so, 
how would you like to meet the man or woman of your 
dreams? At NeedAFriend, we can help!"

"As a child, I never had the finer things in life. In 
fact, my parents couldn't afford to cloth me and my 6 
brothers and sisters so we had to share clothes.  I 
always looked forward to Monday's when I got to wear 
the one pair of shoes in the house. My parents were 
poor, but hard working.  One day, I discovered a secret 
though. This secret is known to only 100 people in the 
entire world, and you can learn it too.  You can make 
$80,000 in your first month, and it just gets better 
from there!"

Although these are just examples, they represent an 
ever increasing trend of email advertisements and sob 
stories going out to get into your pocket book. Do most 
people know that these messages are a scam, sure they 
do! The real problem though is the annoyance factor.  
Where do they get your email addresses and how can you 
stop them?

A few months ago, I started on a quest. Looking for a 
way to stop, or at least minimize, the number of scam 
messages I get on a regular basis. As someone that is 
very active in the electronic world, it is not uncommon 
for me to get upwards of 20, 30, or even more emails 
each day saying how I could become rich, loose weight, 
and find the person of my dreams. Today, I would like 
to point out some tips, tricks, and suggestions that 
you can follow to reduce the noise clogging your email 
addresses!

Joining Mailing Lists
---------------------

Email mailing lists are a great place for email pirates 
to collect addresses.  Depending on the mailing list 
package used, by sending a message to the list server 
the pirate could receive a listing of every email 
address that is subscribed.  For many of the list 
servers running out there on the net, you do NOT need 
special privileges to do this! Is this method 
effective? To answer that question, I ran a little 
test.  By sending a few dozen requests to mailing lists 
around the world, I was able to get my hands on roughly 
100,000 UNIQUE email addresses.  For 3 minutes work, 
that's a pretty good return on my investment!

Can YOU stop this, no. BUT, you CAN make a difference.  
The commands used to prevent users from receiving a 
listing of all subscribers can be disabled, but the 
list master must do this.  If you currently subscribe 
to an email distribution listing, ask the list master 
if regular subscribers can receive a listing of all 
subscribers. If they can and if you are tired of 
receiving junk mail, tell the list master you want that 
function disabled! If they get enough people that want 
it disabled, they more than likely will.

And, if you are wondering, although anyone can 
subscribe to this newsletter, we have disabled all 
access to our subscription base.

Let the PostMaster Know
-----------------------

Whenever you receive messages email scams/spams, let 
the postmaster of the domain know!  In most cases, the 
postmaster is the person(s) in charge of the domain, or 
has access to the person that is.  If you receive one 
of these annoying messages, forward the message to the 
postmaster at the appropriate domain along with your 
complaint. Most ISP's have a policy that prevents 
unsolicited advertisements, especially scam/spam 
messages, and they would be very interested to know 
what is happening out there.

Read Your Headers!
------------------

When you receive an Internet message, pay attention to 
the headers. The header of the message is the area that 
contains all the routing information on where the 
message came from.  The person that is 
spamming/scamming you may be using a very easy "trick" 
to change the FROM: field of their message.  By doing 
so, you may receive a message that says its from John 
Doe, but in reality, it's from another user.  Reading 
the headers will usually show where the message really 
came from; valuable information if you wish to 
complain. 

To illustrate, here is the header from a message that I 
received recently promoting an adult service.  When my 
mail reader received it, the FROM field says 
JUDY@AOL.COM.  But, Judy doesn't exist. Look at the 
Sender field to see where the message came from.  
Although I have changed the sender and header field to 
remove the real addresses used, you can see that the 
sending email address is ADULT@AOL.COM, not 
JUDY@AOL.COM. There are plenty of ways for the spammer 
to cover their tracks, but most just don't know how.

Sender: adult@aol.com
 Received: from smtp1.interramp.com 
(smtp1.interramp.com [38.8.45.2]) by
arl-img-3.compuserve.com (8.6.10/5.950515)
        id CAA04890; Sat, 18 May 1996 02:43:48 -0400
 Received: from ip84.moorestown.nj.interramp.com by 
smtp1.interramp.com
(8.6.12/SMI-4.1.3-PSI-irsmtp)
        id CAA20872; Sat, 18 May 1996 02:43:30 -0400
 Message-Id: 
<199605180643.CAA20872@smtp1.interramp.com>
 From: Judy@aol.com
 To: Misc.@aol.com
 Date: Thu, 16 May 1996 01:40:08 PDT
 Subject: Check This Out!!!

Watch Those Database's and Bulletin Boards!
------------------------------------------

There are various databases and bulletin boards out 
there that you may be using which make life VERY easy 
for the scam/spam Kings and Queens. One such area was 
the classifieds section on CompuServe.  This area (GO 
CLASSIFIEDS) allows users to post advertisements 
regarding their products and services. 

It is broken down into sub groups where each message is 
stored.  In the subgroups, summaries are presented that 
show each message in the group which you can select if 
you want more information.  For example, in the 
summaries listing, you would see:

1.2gb Hard Drive for Sale      TZ     123456,1111
Great Software For Free!       AZ     111111,2222

From this listing, if you clicked on the first ad, the 
full text would be presented.  The problem lies in the 
summary listing.  This listing could be printed off by 
the user and easily filtered for each email address. At 
least one piece of software out there, specifically 
designed to collect email addresses, would download 
these summaries automatically and then filter them for 
your email addresses. Notice I said WOULD, past tense.

I am delighted to say that, along with the good folks 
at CompuServe, I have "broken" that package, and 
hopefully several others. Several weeks ago I sent a 
message to members of the CompuServe management team 
pointing out how easy it is for email pirates to 
download large listings of addresses from the 
Classifieds summary listings.  Since that time, 
CompuServe has now blocked the users email address from 
appearing in the summaries. The email address still 
appears within the ad itself, but not within the 
summaries. This makes life much more difficult for 
these spammers, and as noted, destroys the 
functionality of at least one package out there.  

If you spent the $500 for the software that would allow 
you to spam, send your complaints to bibi@vermen-
suker.spam.com and a representative will be happy to 
help!

The moral to this particular story is to watch where 
and how your email address is made available.  Be on 
the lookout for improvements that providers could make 
to their systems, to make life that much tougher for 
the spammers.

Know The Rules
--------------

Many of the service providers out there have strict 
rules governing unsolicited advertisements. Be sure to 
know the rules for your particular provider.  For 
example, CompuServe's rules strictly prohibit members 
from sending unsolicited email advertisements.  Should 
you receive a scam/spam message from a CompuServe ID, 
forwarding the message along with your complaint to 
CompuServe management or support (GO FEEDBACK) can and 
usually will prevent that person from doing it again.  
In some cases, if the breach of the rules is severe 
enough, that persons account may even be terminated!

Last But Not Least
------------------

Try to be reasonable.  Internet email is a great 
resource when used responsibly. Its unfortunate, but 
there are a lot of people out there right now using the 
net for their shading dealings and scams. These people 
cast a shadow down upon anyone trying to use the net 
for legitimate reasons. 

===================================
Education, Seminars and Conferences
===================================

---------------------------------------
Microsoft SOLVPROV Needs Schedule Plus!
---------------------------------------

If you monitor the MEC forum on CompuServe, or if you 
rely on the grapevine, you'll know that there's a lot 
of confusion about expiration dates for MCP and MCSE 
exams. Calling the Microsoft Solution Provider ( 800-
SOLPROV ) line won't necessarily help either, as we 
have since discovered. To keep you informed about 
retirement dates, on 3 separate occasions we let our 
fingers do the walking and rang the good folks at 
SOLPROV. In each case, we dealt with a different agent, 
who coincidentally each gave different information.

Agent 1 told us that no exams have been scheduled for 
retirement this year (hmmmmm) and there are no deadline 
dates for replacing any exams.  Agent 2 said the same 
thing, but when asked about the Lan Manager exams, he 
"just remembered" that the last date to replace them is 
July 1st. He also went on to say that you have until 
February to replace your NT 3.1 exams. Agent 3 says 
Agent 2 is wrong, the last date to replace them is June 
30th (a Sunday btw) and you only have until December to 
replace your NT 3.1 exams. 

After more poking and prodding with another source 
within Microsoft (who didn't want to be used as an 
official reference, so we'll call him deepthroat) 
here's what we found out. 

- You have until June 30th to replace your Lan Manager 
exams.
- You have until February 1997 to replace your NT 3.1 
exams.

To deepthroat, a hearty thanks!   

Getting anything official and concrete on these matters 
has been a chore and a half! For all you folks at 
Microsoft reading this (and I know you're out there!), 
if there's anyone internally that can provide accurate 
info on a regular basis, please drop us a line!

------------------------------------
More Time For New and Current CNE's!
------------------------------------

If you are a pending CNE who has passed the DOS test 
and are planning on completing your certification in 
the original CNE program, this message is for you. The 
new deadline for individuals to complete certification 
in the original CNE program, including completion of 
the CNE Continuing Certification Requirement (CCR), is 
August 31, 1996. This deadline was formerly June 30, 
1996. Please be aware that if you have taken a test 
that has an expiration date prior to August 31, 1996, 
that test will only count through its specified 
expiration date. If certification has not been 
completed by the expiration date, you will need to 
replace that test.

If you have any questions regarding this, please call 
Novell Education at 800-233-EDUC or 801-222-7800.

-------------------------------------------
Calling The Certified - Novell Wants Input!
-------------------------------------------

Novell has a call out to the certified looking for 
input regarding the Welcome Aboard Kits and the CNA 
program. In September 1995, the new CNE and Master CNE 
designations were introduced. Now, Novell is interested 
in hearing what you have to say about changes that you 
would like to see for the CNA requirements and skill 
sets. The goal of these changes will be to bring the 
CNA certification more in line with the CNE program as 
a whole.

The second issue is in regards to your Welcome Aboard 
Kits.  The high postal charges associated with mailing 
these kits is ever increasing. The current means of 
distribution also limits the benefits that each of you 
will realize from being a CNE or Master CNE. Novell's 
current thought appears to be moving towards the 
Internet, providing up to the minute support, benefits 
and forums directly on the Web. By choosing this route, 
Novell can provide many, many more benefits and 
services than could ever be provided in the WAKs 
through the current distribution method.

Thoughts? Suggestions? Send them to Sanjay Upadhyaya's 
email address 75600.2504@compuserve.com.

-----------------------------------------
First Look And Demonstrations of Exchange
-----------------------------------------

Microsoft and Software Spectrum are running a new 
seminar to provide you with a first hand look and 
demonstrations of Exchange. Exchange, Microsoft's new 
mail server, incorporates groupware to make your life 
and communications much easier. In addition to seeing 
Microsoft's hot new product first hand, you'll get some 
great advice on both the business and technical issues 
regarding Exchange's implementation.

There are only two dates and locations presently 
available, so be sure too book early!

June 11 - Mississauga, Ontario
          Microsoft Canada
          320 Matheson Blvd. West
          (905)568-0434

June 13 - Chicago, IL
          Chicago Marriott Downtown
          540 N. Michigan Avenue
          (312)836-0100

To register, call 1-800-624-0522. Presentations run 
from 9:00am to Noon, but try to be there 30 mins early 
for the free coffee and juice!

============
New Products
============

--------------------------------------------------
Publishing on the Intranet with InnerWeb Publisher
--------------------------------------------------

Looking for cool tools to publish on your company's 
Intranet? If so, pop by Novell's page at 
http://www.novell.com/icd/nip/index.html. This page 
will be updated each week with great info and insight 
on Novell's hot new product until it is officially 
released sometime in June.

-----------------------------------------
NetWare Print Queues Now Easier To Manage
-----------------------------------------

If you're tired of managing your NetWare print queues 
the old fashioned way, you'll be happy to hear of 
Secure Design's Qview Pro V3.1. Qview Pro allows you to 
view and monitor multiple queues at one time. Added 
features allow you to seek out and remove troublesome 
jobs, remove duplicates and most importantly, maintain 
logs of print job activity! Qview Pro greatly 
simplifies that tedious print queue management chore 
that network admins must deal with on a regular basis. 
For a 30 day trial, visit Secure Design's web site, 
BBS, or contact them directly by phone/fax!

Secure Design, web:http://www.peak.org/~sdesign  BBS: 
(541)752-5990 Phone:(541) 752-5988 Fax:(541)752-5990 
tech_support: support@sdesign.com

=============================
Promotions and Price Slashing
=============================

--------------------------------------
50 GroupWise Licenses - Yours for FREE
--------------------------------------

Are you currently using Microsoft Mail as your email 
system of choice? If so, would you like to upgrade to 
GroupWise for FREE? For the first 60 days that Exchange 
is shipping, you can get 50 GroupWise licenses, the 
Message Server NLM and the GroupWise Migration Utility 
for MS Mail free from Novell.  To receive your free 
software, visit 
http://www.novell.com/groupwise/promos/applic.html to 
download your application form.  Filling out this 
little gem and submitting proof of purchase for your 
Microsoft Mail software will get you up and running 
with Novell's award winning GroupWise, for free! Boy, 
how I love the word FREE.

-------------------
Get Bitten and Win!
-------------------

Have you felt the power of the NetWare Web Server yet? 
If the spider's bitten, you might be a winner!  Ending 
July 26, 1996, Novell is running a contest offering 
cool prizes. For some lucky winners, links to your site 
from theirs - a great opportunity to increase traffic 
to your site!  All this just for placing one of the 
"Powered by NetWare Web Server" banners on your page! 
For further details, visit 
http://206.26.68.121/spinweb/.

----------------------------------------
Free DS Expert for NetWare 4.1 Promotion
----------------------------------------

Looking for a tool to provide real-time, proactive 
management for your Novell DS? How much will you pay; 
$100, $500, or maybe $1,000? How about F-R-E-E? If you 
like the word FREE as much as I do, you're in for a 
treat! From May 13, 1996 through July 31, 1996, NetPro 
will offer at no cost, a two server starter pack of "DS 
Expert for NetWare 4.1", previously valued at $1,299! 
This is a fully functional copy kids. None of the 
standard crippling done with this baby! The software 
includes a perpetual license along with 90 days of free 
technical support. 

Download a free copy of DS Expert from the NetPro 
website at http://www.netpro.com or call 800-998-5090. 
Further details on this offer can be found at 
http://www.netpro.com/freeoffer. Although not included, 
full documentation is available for the SRP of $69.95. 
[ed. Mind you, what self respecting Network 
Professional reads documentation?]

FREE Software. FREE Technical support. Killer Utility! 
Get the picture? 

-------------------------
Free NIC's from Digital!!
-------------------------

If you're upgrading your Ethernet network, or 
installing a new one, Digital's got three great offers 
for you.

For a limited time, when you purchase one EtherWORKS 
8TX Hub, they'll throw in two Fast EtherWORKS PCI 
10/100 Adapters - a $568 value! 

The second offer is one that you shouldn't miss! Pick 
up one Fast EtherWORKS PCI 10/100 NIC 25 Pack and 
they'll throw in an additional 5 pack for FREE. That's 
a savings of $1,268! Don't need a 25 pack? No problem. 
If you purchase a 5 pack they'll throw in the sixth 
adapter for free - a $284 value!  

The next time your company says they can't afford to 
give you a raise, cough, then pass them a copy of the 
last invoice from Digital or their authorized reseller!

For further information contact Digital at 800-457-8211 
or your authorized Digital Network Product reseller!

=================
Patches and Fixes
=================

Our Patches and Fixes area of NetNotify provides 
updated information about new patches/fixes that have 
been released within the current publishing period. It 
is important to note that this is not a complete 
listing of all patches/fixes available since the 
related product was fist released.  We are currently 
working on compiling master listings containing details 
of all patches/fixes for various products. These 
listings will be made available to subscribers only 
through our document retrieval system. Once available, 
you will be notified with directions on how to retrieve 
this information.

---------------
NetWare Clients
---------------

To download, GO NWOSFILES on CompuServe or visit 
Novell's FTP site at ftp.novell.com.

NTC6.EXE - Latest field test patches for v3.5b NetWare 
           Client for NT Redirector. Allows the client 
           to run with NTv4.x. Replacement of NTC5.EXE.

----------------
Novell GroupWise
----------------

To download, GO NGWFILES on CompuServe or visit 
Novell's FTP site at ftp.novell.com.

NGWLIB.EXE - Version 4.1c of the GroupWise NGWLIB.NLM 
             file. Resolves abend problems with 
             automatic database rebuilds and offers 
             improved memory handling.  Recommended!

OFCK41.EXE - OFCHECK v4.1c2 includes enhanced checking 
             routines for locating and removing 
             orphaned message attachments. Recommended!

------------------------------
Novell LAN Workplace/WorkGroup
------------------------------

To download, GO NWGENFILES on CompuServe or visit 
Novell's FTP site at ftp.novell.com.

LWP413.EXE - Provides TN3270 functionality for windows. 
             Only for LAN Workplace for DOS 4.1 and LAN 
             WorkGroup 4.1.

---------------------
NetWare Mac/AppleTalk
---------------------

To download, GO NWGENFILES on CompuServe or visit 
Novell's FTP site at ftp.novell.com.

ATSUP.EXE - Updated ATCON.NLM, APPLETLK.NLM and SNMP 
            support for NetWare AppleTalk Support 
            Package V3.011. Contains various 
            enhancements and fixes.

------------------
Arcada Backup Exec
------------------

To download, GO SSSMG on CompuServe.

For Win95:

DRVWCDB.EXE - Resolves "Unknown Data Format" errors 
              when using SCSI drives during Restore or 
              Tape Identify.

For NetWare:

BENSSFIX.EXE - Resolves license violation errors with
               Single Server unlimited v7.01b.

----------------
Palindrome SM/BD
----------------

To download, GO SSSMG on CompuServe.

UBXN40B4.ZIP - Updates PSM/PBD V4.0Bx to V4.0B4.

--------
ARCserve
--------

To download, GO CHEYENNE on CompuServe.

NT0146.ZIP - ARCserve NT v2.01 Database Patch for build 
             238. Resolves problem of ARCserve manager 
             running slowly on SMP machines.

RAAW6046.ZIP - Compaq Softpaq patch to resolve
               licensing issues with ARCserve 6.0 from 
               the Smartstart 2.50a update.

---------
InnocuLAN
---------

To download, GO CHEYENNE on CompuServe.

IL0068.ZIP - InnocuLAN NT V1.01 I386 build 41. Contains 
             performance enhancements, fixes and 
             real-time scanning. Disk 1 of 3. Also
             download IL0069.ZIP and IL0070.ZIP.

------
Compaq
------

To download files, visit Compaq's web site at 
http://www.compaq.com/support/files.html, their ftp 
site ftp.compaq.com or on CompuServe, GO COMPAQ.

SP1855.EXE - Compaq System Configuration Utility, EISA 
             Config V2.30g Use with: ProSignia, 
             ProSignia VS, ProSignia 300/500,  
             Systempro, Systempro/E, Systempro/LT,      
             Systempro/XL, ProLiant 1000/1500, 
             Deskpro/M Deskpro/XL, Portable 486, 
             Deskpro/L, ProLiant 2000/4000, Rack-
             Mountable ProLiant 4500 

SP1837.EXE - Enables reqisters for certain parallel 
             port devices that require EPP or ECP 
             support. For use with LTE 5000 family.

SP1832.EXE - Compaq Inventory Collector for SMS for NT 
             V3.51 Desktop but will also work with 
             WIN95. 

SP1638.EXE - V1.03, LAN Adapter Support Software for 
             VINES 6.0.


** There will be other products/services added to the 
Patches/Fixes section of NetNotify. If you have a 
specific request on what you would like added, be sure 
to drop us a line at the suggestion ID! 

=====================================
The Winners Circle - Current Contests
=====================================

In our first edition of NetNotify, three contests were 
started for some really cool software and a free exam 
coupon from Novell. If you haven't entered already, 
there's still time! The contest entry ID's for the 
first three contests will be closed off on May 31st, so 
get your entries in soon!  As a refresher, the first 
three contests are for:

- A Free Novell Exam Coupon
- Free Microsoft Assessment Tests/Study Aids
- Free Copy of DreamLAN's NDSLogin utility

If you've lost your copy of the first edition, you can 
get it from our FTP site!

For this edition of NetNotify, we have two more great 
contest offerings for ya! A free months edition of 
Novell's Support Encyclopedia Professional volume 
(NSEPRO), and COLD CA$H!

To win a copy of the NSEPRO, answer the following 
questions and send your response, along with your full 
name, mailing address and phone number to:

CONTEST-0519@NETCENT.COM.

This contest closes on June 15th, 1996 so get your 
entries in soon! Full contest rules can be retrieved 
from our document retrieval service by sending a 
message to INFO@NETCENT.COM with the commands "info 
rules", without the quotes, in the body of the message.

--------------------------------
Contest - Free Edition of NSEPRO
--------------------------------

1. Who makes DS Expert for NetWare 4.1?

2. What new product from Secure Design helps to manage 
and maintain your NetWare Print Queues?

3. What is the main GO word on CompuServe to get access 
to live technical support?

4. What product from Novell delivered up to 12 times 
per year provides an extensive collection of NTIDs, 
Novell Labs Bulletins, product documentation, 
Application Notes, Professional Developer Bullets and 
downloadable patches and fixes?

5. What is the name of message area 6 in the CompuServe 
NETW4X forum?

6. What is the new deadline for CNE's to meet their 
CCR?

7. How many CD's make up each edition of the Novell 
Support Encyclopedia?

-----------------------
Contest - Win COLD CA$H
-----------------------

At NetNotify, we're having a subscription drive and 
that means COLD CA$H, in your hands, just for referring 
new subscribers. Each time you refer a new subscriber 
to NetNotify, tell them to send a message to CONTEST-
COLDCASH@NETCENT.COM letting us know who sent them. On 
August 31st, we will be drawing 5 names out of the hat 
and each will win $100! There are no restrictions on 
the number of times that your name can be entered.

========================
Getting In Touch with Us
========================

There are various email addresses that you should know 
about as a subscriber to NetNotify.

NETNOTIFY-LISTMASTER@NETCENT.COM  : If you are having 
problems with your subscription, our Listmaster will be 
happy to help.

NETNOTIFY-SUGGEST@NETCENT.COM  : Use for sending us 
your comments on current issues, or suggestions for 
improvement.

NETNOTIFY-MARKETING@NETCENT.COM  : If you are a vendor 
interested in getting the word out about a new product 
or service, be sure to drop us a line to discuss the 
options!

NETNOTIFY-REQUEST@KI.NET  : If you ever want to cancel 
your subscription or if an associate would like to 
subscribe, this is the email address to use. By sending 
a message to this address with the word SUBSCRIBE or 
UNSUBSCRIBE in the body of the message, your 
(un)subscription request will be handled automatically.

==========================
Copyright and Distribution
==========================

NetNotify is provided as is, with no warranty expressed 
or implied. Although every effort is made to ensure the 
accuracy of bulletins within NetNotify, writers for 
NetNotify and it's affiliates will not be held 
accountable for the use and/or distribution of 
information within this newsletter.

Users may subscribe to NetNotify freely by sending an 
email to the subscription address listed previously. 
Although NetNotify is distributed free of charge, it 
may not be copied or distributed in whole or in part 
except by authorized agents of NetNotify or DJA 
Systems.

Copyright 1996, DJA SYSTEMS


