
  +@-------$                     @              @@@    @@
 +@@@$$$$$@@$   @             -+@@@@$           +@+   @@@@       @*@+++@$
  @@@------$   @@@           @@@@@@@@@          +@*    @@       @@@@@@@@@$
  -@-          +@+          @@@@++@@@@*+        -@@-    @-     @@@@@+++@$
  -$-          -@-          @@@     +*$@+  +-+-@+@@+   @@@-    $@@--+-
  -@*--- ---   -@-         -@@-       *@+ @@@@@@@@@*    @@+    @@@@@@$*+-**
  @@@@$*+*$*-  +@+         *@@        +@+@@@++-@$@@-    +@+     @+--+*@@@@@*
  +@$--- ---   @@@       +- @@@-      +@+$@@    *@$     $@$       -@--*@$@@@
  +@+          $@@+-----$@$--@@@+++$-+@@$$@@+++*@@+     *@@      @@@@$@@@*@
  +@+          @@@@@$$$@@$-  -*$@@@@@@@@ -@@@@@@@@-     +@@@    @@@@---@+
  @@@           @++-----+      --++$-++   -$+++*@-       +@      @+
   @
          .-------------------------------------------------.
          | flodis - flowers of disruption - #0a - 29.07.99 |
          `-------------------------------------------------'
             the zine for tasha & anjee


listen, i just have to chill like they used to do in the 60s.  back in the
sixties they would all sit around a room full of pillows.  the walls would
be purple velvet and the center of the floor would be cleared except for a
giant hookah.  people in the sixties would sit around on pillows and smoke
pot from a hookah.  i want to chill like they did in the sixties.  a lot of
very good music also came out of the sixties, music that you would listen
to once and it would sound like you heard it twice.  as if i were to call
out to you in an echo chamber, "hey, come join me in the 60s," and you
would hear it twice.  would you come to me and join me in my hookah room? 
we could talk about interesting things while under the influence of the
marijuana drug that they all did so much back in the sixties.  

nowadays people smoke marijuana in self-centered little devices that only
support the smoking-up of one person, then they have to be repacked. 
where's the group spirit these days?  i'm listening to the group spirit, a
band from the sixties.  spirit contained randy california and his uncle was
the drummer.  they made some very good music.  

in fact, the thing that just happened was i was listening to the music and
it became really creepy and i opened my eyes and the lights were off and i
looked around me and got creeped out.  that was really scary. 

it's too bad that so many talented artists of the 60s ended up wasting all
their talent in the 70s and they all got addicted to cocaine.  then in the
80s they had to pretend like they didn't do cocaine anymore and tried to
look all clean and sexy, but we all knew that they were still doing
cocaine, and their drug habit was the only reason they remained in the
music industry.  any little bit of cash they could muster from releasing
shabby albums went toward their astronomic drug habits.  once you start, it
grows and grows.  it doesn't slow down when your money supply slows.

i'll tell you what slows down when your money supply slows -- a SOCIAL LIFE.
 you can't go anywhere these days that's free!  that is, unless you're a
bitchy rich kid who gets to go to bitchy rich kid parties.  they throw
them, and all their friends come, and they drink beer, and it's all free. 
girls get laid, guys get their rocks off, it's all good in the hood.  they
go to college, the guys join frats, the girls join sororities.  

i joined a sorority and they made me sit on a washing machine naked to see
if any part of me jigged.  if it did, they told me to get trim or i would
be a disgrace to the sorority.  

then they got some frat guy to screw me silly.  that burned the excess
calories from my body, and i was trim enough to not make my house sisters
mad!

actually, because i'm a guy, i never joined a sorority.  but no girls should
join sororities, they are bad things.  they're good things for frats
though.

see, took part in the whole college scene, i know what's up.  i saw the
girls walking to the bars in tight revealing clothing.  i saw them stagger
out with a frat-hat guy at their side.  

it's a funny world.

"*giggle*"
by mogel

        i giggle sometimes and guys aren't supposed to giggle.  it's because
 of "the macho thing".

        it's not particularly masculine to giggle but i like to giggle so i
 have a problem if i want to be A REAL MAN but i don't really want to be a
 REAL MAN particularly but i still hate to be looked at in a funny way by
 some people even though i shouldn't care what they think and there's no
 logical reason why i should act like a REAL MAN and what the heck is a real
 man anyway?

        i just like to giggle!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
        it looks like THIS when i giggle:  hehehehehehehehehehe!!!!!!!!
        i can giggle all day long for HOURS!!!!!!  hehehehehehehehehehe!!!!
        i'm feeling MANIC.  i'm in a PANIC.  hehehehehehehehehehe!!!!

        giggling is free and happy and wonderful and pretty silly and silly
 is ALWAYS good except in a dire emergency or when your mom dies it's not
 really appropriate to giggle then although i might be tempted then just
 because giggling is so fun hehehehehehehehehehe!!!!

        sink down sink down sink down to the bottom of the river!!!!
 hehehehehehehehehehe!!!!  i stand right up in the heart of hell!!!!!!!
 and hehehehehehehehehehe!!!! and also hehehehehehehehehehe!!!! don't forget
 at least a little bit more of that hehehehehehehehehehe!!!! by the way
 could you please pass me some of that hehehehehehehehehehe!!!! excuse me
 sir but i seem to have dropped my hehehehehehehehehehe!!!! 

        i'm not gay.

-----------------------------------

i can't get all the phlegmy crap out of my throznitch.  that is my throat,
that is the tube that connects my head to my feet.  that is the thing that
sorority girls use on guys' members.

i shouldn't say that.  not all sorority girls are bad.

i'm talking too much about sex in these last few flodises.  that's funny,
because i've never talked about sex before.  never.  not even while having
it.  i've had sex while talking about it.  no, i've never had sex.  no,
that's not right, that's false.  some guys talk like girls, and they SQUEEL
and that doesn't mean that they're gay.

but the bombers are coming out of the sky and they're aiming right for this
lame ass message that i'm writing to anjee and tasha.  see,

it's time for you to pick up guitars and instruments and make the music of
your lives, it's time to express your every thought through any method you
can.  be like ET and land on this earth with a bunch of big lights and men
walking around with flashlights.  push aside the dewy nighttime palm fronds
and search for the scurrying alien.  play your instruments and breathe
fire.

eat pigments from the wallpaper, bash your fists through the static and the
noise.  

i got the blues, and i can't be satisfied.  but really, i shouldn't be
satisfied with what i got, cos it's not a lot.  but i make the best of it. 
you can have the rest of it.  i'll play the piano and sing slowly to
monkeys hanging from chandeliers, they have big bright eyes and they're
staring at you right now.

look at the hanging monkeys staring at you.  they're over there, on the
chandelier.  

uh-oh, they're pointing at you.

haha, aren't you the fool, with the monkeys knowing your false game.  stand
up, wise up to the primates.  tell them they're wrong!  

but you can't.  you know you're wrong.  they're right.

it's all one big charade.

you should be at church instead of watching these realty shows on sunday
afternoon television.

--
                                      ä’’™                 .-.
  äª’’’∫  ä™      äª’’’’∫       ä’™          ää’’’’’’’™    | |  this was an
  ÜÜ      ÜÜ      ÜÜ  ä’™       Ü Ü   Ü’’Ü   ÜÜÜ           | | honestly bad
  Üª’’’∫  ÜÜ      ÜÜ  Ü Ü  ä’’’’Ü’Ü   Ü  Ü   ÜÜÜ           | |   time-waster
  ÜÜ      ÜÜ      ÜÜ  Ü Ü  Ü    Ü Ü   Ü  Ü   Üª’’’’’’’∫    | | email-box
  ÜÜ      ä’’’’’™ Üä’’™ Ü  Ü    Ü Ü   Ü  Ü          ªªª    | |    filler
  ª∫      ª’’’’’∫ ªª’’∫’∫  ª’’’’ª’∫   ª’’∫   ªª’’’’’’’∫    | |   from
.----------------------------------------------------------| |     trilobyte
`----------------------------------------------------------`-'
          flodis / flowers of disruption #a / 29.07.99 / trilobyte@hoe.nu
     tell your friends to squeeze their wanker with flodis
.....................................................................
...................................................
LAST MINUTE 
ANNOUNCEMENT

FLODIS ASSIGNMENT #1
WRITE A STORY
INVOLVING :
CHAPSTICK
SEASHELL
LUNAR ECLIPSE
ELMER FUDD CARTOON

the resulting stories from flodis readers
will be printed in flodis
in succession

don't make 'em too long
but make 'em good 

i'll write one too

i am trilobyte

i live in rockford, illinois, united states

and i am going to send this email now.

byebye.

