  +@-------$                     @              @@@    @@
 +@@@$$$$$@@$   @             -+@@@@$           +@+   @@@@       @*@+++@$
  @@@------$   @@@           @@@@@@@@@          +@*    @@       @@@@@@@@@$
  -@-          +@+          @@@@++@@@@*+        -@@-    @-     @@@@@+++@$
  -$-          -@-          @@@     +*$@+  +-+-@+@@+   @@@-    $@@--+-
  -@*--- ---   -@-         -@@-       *@+ @@@@@@@@@*    @@+    @@@@@@$*+-**
  @@@@$*+*$*-  +@+         *@@        +@+@@@++-@$@@-    +@+     @+--+*@@@@@*
  +@$--- ---   @@@       +- @@@-      +@+$@@    *@$     $@$       -@--*@$@@@
  +@+          $@@+-----$@$--@@@+++$-+@@$$@@+++*@@+     *@@      @@@@$@@@*@
  +@+          @@@@@$$$@@$-  -*$@@@@@@@@ -@@@@@@@@-     +@@@    @@@@---@+
  @@@           @++-----+      --++$-++   -$+++*@-       +@      @+
   @
          .-------------------------------------------------.
          | flodis - flowers of disturbance - #1 - 13.07.99 |
          `-------------------------------------------------'


i moan and i moan to the ignorant phone and it just makes a tone so i leave
it alone.  i can't eat the cat so it rests on a mat where julius sat and
killed a dead rat. 

remember these words cos society burns and you follow the hurds but they
just smell like turds.

where's the suds in my washing machine?  i put all the soap in and now it
just spins and spins but no bubbles come out.  my clothes are not clean
without bubbles -- bubbles roam around my clothes and make them pleasant to
the nose.  though i don't usually smell, my clothes smell like hell.
smoking in buildings indoors makes things smell bad and makes walls turn
yellow like your teeth.  they say not to put harsh chemicals in your mouth
but toothpaste is awfully chemically.  i like to buy toothpaste because it's
like i'm poisoning myself, but at the same time i'm making my teeth shiny.
i used to work in a supermarket and we sold all sorts of things like food
and drugs and charcoal and motor oil, but we didn't sell couches.  that's up
to the furniture stores, which are going out of business, as are many
antiquated industries in the united states.  steel and iron and coal and
lead mines all seem to be going belly-up in the water, like a fat man in a
shallow bath.  a leaky drain in the bathtub allows water to slowly escape.
maybe the drain has nothing to do with it, and the water pushes itself out.
maybe water doesn't like always carrying all of our germs and crap.  we
oppress water.  it's being all nice to us and we pee on it and poop in it
and put our harsh chemicals in it, which kills the fish in the sea.  fish
aren't really mammals, and they don't usually have much hair, but yet
they're not bald, like gordon from sesame street.  he was a happy man and i
believe he had a moustache one time.  my uncle had a moustache until someone
told him that "men with moustaches are hiding something."  then he shaved it
off, like tom hanks on david letterman.  every time i shave i think of tom
hanks on david letterman saying "my dad always told me to never go against
the grain."  his father was probably not talking about woodcarving or
canoeing, but rather about shaving or society.  society does definitely have
a grain and if you don't fit into it, you're going to fall out like a pair
of double-d breasts in an A-cup.  solo cup.  only one person can drink from
each at a time . do they make nipple-multipliers so that women can have four
babies / adults sucking from each nipple?  they make
headphone-jack-to-double-RCA-connector adapters, why not
one-nipple-too-two-straws kind of adapter?  i will make one and it will
attach to the nipple with a suction cup and make more efficient use of
breasts.  i want to stick a four-by-four through a paper shredder just to
see what happens.  maybe it won't fit.  the FBI shreds a lot of papers.
they are all about secrecy.  this government agency that we pay for is there
to keep us safe from ourselves.  that's a sad concept.  there are many
things like that in the government.  if all us people would just be nice
happy citizens, we wouldn't need all of this protection anymore, and we
could be more like europe, where people feel safe walking around at night.
in germany, there really aren't areas of any town that you wouldn't want to
be walking around in at night.  hell, in some big cities, there are
neighborhoods you can't drive down during the day.  you have to be careful
which direction you're wearing your hat because if it's on your head just
wrong you could get shot and/or killed and/or robbed.  i know people who had
their cars robbed in new york.  too bad that people have to steal things all
the time.  really really too bad.

random tidbit:
	pumpkin pie placed permanently upon porous pans.

i never used to know what 'khaki' was.  i was told it was a color.  and that
one could get 'khaki pants'.  i thought it was a really dumb word and i
missed it in a spelling bee.  i don't usually get bitter, but man, you
insult something i like and i won't be a happy man.

the frontier is ahead, beckoning us into its void and ether.  or not.  maybe
god didn't put it there so it doesn't exactly exist.  god gave us free
will, see, because otherwise there just plain wouldn't be any gay people
around anymore.  god doesn't like gay people, but he doesn't strike down on
them with loose fire equipment.

                                      ä’’™                 .-.
  äª’’’∫  ä™      äª’’’’∫       ä’™          ää’’’’’’’™    | |  this was an
  ÜÜ      ÜÜ      ÜÜ  ä’™       Ü Ü   Ü’’Ü   ÜÜÜ           | | honestly bad
  Üª’’’∫  ÜÜ      ÜÜ  Ü Ü  ä’’’’Ü’Ü   Ü  Ü   ÜÜÜ           | |   time-waster
  ÜÜ      ÜÜ      ÜÜ  Ü Ü  Ü    Ü Ü   Ü  Ü   Üª’’’’’’’∫    | | email-box
  ÜÜ      ä’’’’’™ Üä’’™ Ü  Ü    Ü Ü   Ü  Ü          ªªª    | |    filler
  ª∫      ª’’’’’∫ ªª’’∫’∫  ª’’’’ª’∫   ª’’∫   ªª’’’’’’’∫    | |   from
.----------------------------------------------------------| |     trilobyte
`----------------------------------------------------------`-'
          flodis / flowers of disruption #1 / 13.07.99 / trilobyte@hoe.nu
     tell your friends to waste their time with flodis
