
                                       __
                                      /  \
                                     /____\
                           .________/][][][\_______.
                           \___________  __________/
                            ! / /!/ //!\ \! __!_\ !
                             / /_/ //  \\ \ \_____
                            / __  // /\ \\ \_____ \
                           / / / // ____ \\ \____\ \
                          /_/ /_//_/    \_\\_\______\
                          T-File_4_____January_10_2005
                      Wotmud: The Seanchan XP Experience
                                    By Sirak

The Seanchan continent is a wonderland of exp opportunities. For my 
purposes, I will refer to eight general areas that comprise the continent 
(West, South, Far south, Southwest, East, North, Northwest, and Far 
north). All have certain advantages. 

The western zones are generally the best places for newbies to stat from, 
where cute deer, bucks, and small insects are common. If you go north in 
this zone, you'll wind up in the swamp, which is a particularly unfriendly 
place. Silvery-scaled serpents and red salamanders abound, and serve as 
good xp only for a highbie group. As a newbie, one should beware of minks 
and lynxes in the west zone which could spell death in two-three rounds if 
you are only wearing the guardian kit. 

The east zone is very good for a pair of expers if one is combo/dodge. 
There are four or five stacks of three writhing grasses, and with a dodger 
buffing, they fall very quickly and yield high amounts of xp. Of 
particular interest is the shady sea captain, who can be taken by a pair 
of expers. He is located 2n 9e 2s 2e all-n 2e from outside the eastern 
gate of Seandar. He only appears at 12 AM, and leaves at 3, so make sure 
you bash him. He also disengages every few rounds, so spam for him. As you 
travel south from the western area, you will come across many bears and 
mountain lions, which are good solo exp for midbies/highbies, and can be 
taken down even quicker in a group. In this area I include the region 
directly south of the southern gate of Seandar, where low-level mobs can 
be found for midbies. There are several tree sets along the path to 
Kirendad, which offer nice xp. The terrain begins as forest and grassy 
areas, but you will have to make your way up into the Tamikan mountains. 

South of the Tamikan range you will come into the grasslands around 
Kirendad. This is a great statting area, since it does not see much 
traffic, and there are no aggro mobs whatsoever. Deer, stags, elk, 
termites, and a couple tree sets round out this zone. 

As you travel west of Kirendad, you get into what I refer as the 
southwestern zones. You come into little mountain passes filled with 
aggros, and eventually you come out onto the plains north of Anangore, a 
very small town where a couple aggro cats like to hang out. Most of the 
mobs in this area are for highbies only, as there are often stacked cats. 
Generally, I prefer to avoid this area altogether, because there are just 
too many aggros in a congested area. 

Just north of the capital city of Seandar there are plenty of midbie mobs 
such as moumoris and lions. Traveling west of the portal stone (6n outside 
north gate) you will find the jungle and the northwestern plains. Plenty 
of zebras and cats for mid/highbies. South of this area brings you into 
the swamp and western zone. North brings you to the mountains, where there 
are plenty of large cats and bears to be taken out. These mountains are 
particularly convenient for the solo abser, as the solo mobs make for easy 
bashing, and you will take far less damage. Traveling further north, 
however, brings you into zones that are congested with powerful mobs such 
as giant horned lizards, enormous alligators, and territorial grolms, even 
a red lopar or two. Any of these mobs alone are easily taken by a pair of 
absers, but if there is more than one in a room, make sure that you and 
your partner are on the same target. You will want to take these out 
quickly. In any case, you're likely to take rather a lot of damage. None 
of the mobs in this zone are particularly bashable, either. There are a 
couple stacks of grass, which are good for abs-combo pairs. 

A few parting bits of advice. If you are new to Seanchan zones, be careful 
of aggros. Statting on Seanchan is rather different from statting around 
Caemlyn or Amador. There are many more aggros on Seanchan, and you must be 
on your toes and know which general direction to run to get out of the 
zone or into the city. 

