               ____________                             
       .sS$$$$$$$|____    ____| _______   ______$$$$$$$$Ss.
     .:$$$$$$$$$$$$$$/    \$$$ /       |/`,-----'$$$$$$$$$S
     ::$$$$$$$$$$$$/`      '\/        /`  \ $$$$$$$$$$$$$$S
     ::$$$$$$$$$$/`          '\  O  /`     '\______ $$$$$$S
     ::$$$$$$$$$`--------------'____`--------------'$$$$$$S
     ::$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$S
     :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::'
      t u r t l e o r v e r l o r d s o f c a m b o d i a
(------------------------------------------------------------------)
KOJAK GAVE UYS MORE STUFF SO HERE IT IS:


      I open my eyes, and after adjusting to the searing light, look around
me.  Thousands, if not millions, of blank stares look back at me.  There
are a few other people like me, standing in boats, but most are lying on
their backs in the water, staring blankly at the sky.  What happened to
the world?  Why are we all in a big sea?  Then, as I look around and meet
the gazes of these nameless faces, I realize that I'm in the Sea of
Anonymity.  Everyone floating was exactly the same, whereas the ones in
the boats were a wide range of people.  I looked out as far as I could,
and I saw that we're all headed towards a large waterfall.  Imminent
death.
      Individuality is at an all-time low.  It is human to be normal.  It
is easy to stick to the straight and normal.  To be different these days
is to be wrong.  It is very difficult for a person to do what he/she wants
to do.  To stay on a different path, especially when the path seems
strange to others.  This causes everyone to be the same.  That's where we
are losing touch.
      There's a reason that everyone looks the same, acts the same, and
does the same things.  And that's a general cynicism that is washing over
the country.  Everything that people do that is considered "abnormal" has
suddenly become wrong and immoral.  People pre-judge others without
hesitation.  Many of this country's best minds, best friends, are being
lost in a world of self-consciousness because they're being seen through
jaded eyes.  They don't have a fair chance at expressing their opinion.
These people are seen as freaks.
      Many people wonder why people have to be different in the first
place.  It's this type of thinking that is not giving others a chance.
The people that are generally considered freaks are generally the same
people that do what they want to.  They have the most fun.  They aren't
worried about the status quo.
      In American society today, it is very difficult to shy away from the
beaten path, to do what your heart tells you to do.  If we were to use an
analogy, it's as if Americans are all on a long trail, and as soon as
someone starts to shy away from that trail, mass media is there to whip
you back into place.  It takes someone with a very strong will to break
through the cultural mainstream and reach what's on the other side.  And
for each of these people, there is something different on that far side of
the trail.  But the effort involved in getting there offers a personal
satisfaction far beyond what can be achieved in mainstream America.
      I'm not a pusher of subversive culture in America today, it's
definitely not something for everyone.  But if you are someone that has
individual thoughts (of which there is a decreasing population), then by
all means, do what you want to.  Don't do things because your friends are
doing them, do them because you want to.  In the end, you'll look back on
your life and be a lot more satisfied with how things went.


TOC ROOLS!#!#TOC ROOLS!#!#TOC ROOLS!#!#TOC ROOLS!#!#TOC ROOLS!#!#TOC ROOLS!#!#

LORDLASER GREETS HIS SISTER AND SNUGGLES HIS MAIN MAN AND HIS GIRLFRIEND CHARLENE!!!!!!!!