PropheZine 31

2 December 1996



Chris Jewett ............................	Welcome

Suddenly No More Time (Pt I)...Emil Gavrluk and Rob Lindsted

Berit Kjos ................................	Food Summit Speeds UN Agenda

John Loeffler ...........................	Commentary:  Paradigm Lost

Randy Martin.........................	A Chauffuer for Jesus? A Jewish Legend?.

Chuck Missler........................Who Were the Magi?

Moishe Rosen........................A Special Feature Article:  Fight the
Good Fight

Lori Fiechter..........................	Yeshua, Come!  (a poem)



Prophe-zine News Bytes

Lee Underwood......................FYI - Israel Updates

	Chris Jewett .........................	Gulf Pact and Arms Deals

					Jews Urge Boycott of Swiss Banks

					Miami Needs Money

					Ancient Religion Thrives

					Cross Bad, Idol Good

	Todd....................................	Nearing Midnight Update

	Linda Doty (contributor)...........	What Television Teaches Children



The Final Word (Wonder in God's Word)



Here is PropheZine 30!



"Study to show thyself approved..."  How many times have we read that
verse in II Timothy, or had it quoted to us, or shared it with a friend, or
just plain had it brought to mind by the Holy Spirit?  PropheZine brings
you thought provoking articles, news bytes and special feature articles
which, we pray, will do just that....cause you to study to show yourself
approved unto God.  Or, as Luke tells you in Acts 17:11 - don't believe
anything PropheZine tells you, but check it out with the Scriptures
yourself to see if it is right!  (Sorry, Chuck, but it is sooooo true!)



In this issue we are fortunate to have the killer articles of our old and
familiar friends Berit Kjos and John Loeffler as well as some first time
contributions from a couple of our readers.  Additionally, there is a
Seasonal feature from Chuck Missler and a special feature from Moishe
Rosen.  Southwest Radio Church has contributed several worthwhile and
informative articles.  The first of a four part series appears in this
issue.  I have included the usual Israel Updates from Lee Underwood and
Nearing Midnight splices from Todd, and several unusual bytes including a
contribution from Linda Doty.  The article she contributed encourages
further distribution by its originator, so I figured PZ (a free, non profit
e-zine) was just the platform to do that!  Last of all, I added "The Final
Word." I thought a short and interesting "discovery" from God's Word would
be an encouraging and uplifting closure to the issue. If you like it (and
if Ray the Editor - dragnet theme, please - likes it), we can make this a
permanent part of PZ.  This is also a great opportunity for you the reader
to contribute to PropheZine.



Meanwhile, a gentle reminder for you to check out the PropheZine Web Site.
New and improved!  There is also a God's News Behind the News Mini Site
advertising the upcoming Prophecy Conference in Tampa, Florida.  Ray
Brubaker and Joe VanKoevering have assembled an outstanding line up of
speakers.  We went to the last one, it was super.  If the Lord enables you
to make the trip to Tampa, you won't regret it!



Until next time, Maranatha!



Chris Jewett

PZ



******************



Suddenly No More Time (Part I of IV)

by Emil Gaverluk and Rob Lindsted

(used by permission from Southwest Radio Church)



Chapter One



Scientists talking about model building would make most people think of
model airplanes or model cars' but in this instance this is a model that is
built mathematically.  However, as an example, take the idea of a model
car.  It represents something small and easily constructed in a day or two,
compared to perhaps a year's work to build the real thing.  This is taking
the evidence, the facts, and projecting them in order to see what direction
they are going to go.  It is like putting together a puzzle, taking the
pieces and finding the pattern which allows them to fit together in an
orderly fashion.



In order to illustrate the acceleration of the exponential curve-where all
of this is leading-onecan actually model all of the components of the
curve on a computer and see the results in a three dimensional form.



The computer has afforded those in the scientific community the ability to
calculate numbers at such a rapid rate that they are able to complete
calculations in a few days that ten years ago would have taken hundreds of
men working hundreds of years.  That leads to the rate of acceleration
present within the reality of the phenomenon known as the exponential
curve.  Everything is happening at a rate that is becoming faster and
faster, and this increase is very startling.



Rather than being frightened by this startling increase, though, it should
be understood that the exponential curve is really only a very basic
physical action within nature.  Using the biological process as a means of
describing the reality of the exponential curve, growth and decay are found
to take place within living matter at a set speed, or even a set pattern.
While scientists call this the law of nature, their Christian counterparts
say that it is the pattern which God has built into human existence.



Can this idea of the exponential curve be illustrated?  Yes.  One way to
illustrate an exponential curve is to say: at eleven o'clock one bacteria
is placed inside a glass jar.  At that moment the bacteria begins to grow,
to multiply, each bacteria reproducing itself every minute.  We start with
one bacteria, and one minute later we have two bacteria, and one minute
later we have four bacteria.  It can be seen that for every minute that
passes, the number of bacteria doubles, because each bacteria reproduces,
becoming two where before it was only one.



Given the information that it will take sixty minutes for the entire jar
to become full, at what time would the jar be half full?  If the first
bacteria were put in the jar at I 1:00, one would assume that the jar would
be half full at 11:30.



The assumption is incorrect in that the time increment and the quantity
increments are not the same.  The jar would be half full at ii:59, because
the bacteria will reproduce totally in the last sixty seconds.  At 11:59
the jar is half full, and at 12:00 the jar is full.



Although it took fifty-nine minutes for the jar to become half full, it
only takes one minute for the remaining half to be filled.  This begins to
show the magnitude with which the exponential curve can grow, and we see
this effect in everyday life.  Look at the lifestyles of people today as
opposed to five or ten years ago.  Man is living at such a rapid rate that
families really just check in for meals, maybe spend the night, and then
they are off again.  This whole society is built on this faster degree of
consumption of energy and goods.



The only reason to be optimistic at all about not reaching a point of
absolute helplessness is because study of the Bible points to Christ's
coming very soon.  God, in designing the world, created it so that it would
function for one thousand years after the Tribulation.  What is needed now
is for the Divine Engineer to come in and set things straight.  Should man
continue on for a short period of time, he will completely scramble the
present world system with respect to energy and food.  Is that time coming?
Can it be seen on the horizon?



Yes, and these predictions are not just being made by Bible students and
scholars, but by people who are in the science fields who look at these
things and are frightened by the perspective of what is coming in the very
near future.  This is coming, too, from all fields-military, political, and
economic.  It is important to read that this exponential curve, this
acceleration, is always operating in every aspect of life.  Looking at the
way things are snowballing, there are actually signs that point out that
this degree of expansion must be limited before the end of the century.



As an experiment, take a sheet of note paper or newspaper, and fold it
over one time.  There are now two thicknesses and the paper is only half as
large as it was.  Fold the paper again.  The paper has now been folded
twice and there are four thicknesses.



It is physically impossible for this piece of paper to continue to be
folded sixty times, but if it could be, the thickness of it would exceed
the distance from the earth to the moon!  That would be over two hundred
and forty thousand miles away!



This helps one to begin to see the reality of the exponential growth or
the doubling which occurs in each time period; more is consumed, or is
created, as in the doubling over of that piece of paper.  This is the
critical principle which relates to the energy crisis as seen today.



Another illustration that would bring home the reality of the exponential
curve is the technological advancement in electronics.  This takes us right
into the age of the computer.  If people in the early seventies had been
told what they would be seeing in the early eighties, they would have been
astounded.  As the industry expanded and grew and flourished right on into
the nineties, even the scientists are amazed, because they are seeing these
things feeding one upon another.  The explosion of computer knowledge is
growing so rapidly that it is almost impossible to keep track of all that's
happening.



The "up" side of all this technological advancement has been its use for
good.  For example, computer-monitored medical units which are helping to
save lives; heart pacers; brain scans; some bionics for those desperately
in need.  These advancements have been very good.



Advancements in travel have also been beneficial as well.  To be in
Chicago one night and by the next morning be in Wichita, and the next day
be in San Francisco, is an excellent capability that many people like.  But
it brings with it some things that are frightening.  Not only are these
advances being made at a rapid rate, but the use of commodities-energy,
food, even real estate-is at an equally rapid rate.  The past several years
have brought events and changes in the world that would not have even been
thought of ten years ago.  In November of 1989 people around the world were
amazed to witness on television East and West Berliners tearing down the
much-hated Berlin Wall.  It had been a symbol of Russian separatism since
being built in 1961.  Then, in 1990, wonder of wonders: East and West
Germany were reunited again into one state, with one parliament, and with
one chancellor, Helmut Kohl.



The news from Germany hardly had time to be digested when news began
coming out about the breakup of the U.S.S.R. It seemed impossible that this
giant empire of Soviet Socialist Republics was no longer going to be united
and governed from Moscow.  It has become a fact now in 1993, and the civil
wars, death, and destruction are the results of these smaller countries
trying to decide who their new rulers will be.



Since the breakup of the U.S.S.R., their economy has been almost
non-existent and they have borrowed money anywhere and everywhere possible.
This lack of funds has-for the time being taken the Russians out of their
dominant role in the Middle East.  To fill this vacuum, militant Moslem
countries have risen up to threaten the peace of all "infidels," mainly the
United States and Israel.  Iran, at this point, seems to be the leader of
the pack and is trying to foment as much hate and venom into the non-Moslem
world as possible.  Since the bombing of the World Trade Center in New York
in 1993, no one is any longer so naive as to discount the threats-real or
implied-coming out of any of the anti-Christian, anti-Jewish Arab
countries.  Should one fanatical Arab country-like Iran-take over and
govern that entire Mideast region, the rest of the world would suffer an
immediate oil embargo, leading certain to later blackmail on their terms.



The problems are multiplying to the point where man is becoming absolutely
helpless (and won't admit it), but Christians can read the Bible and see
the promise of the Lord's coming.



,,. . . then look up, and lift up your heads, for your redemption draweth
nigh" (Luke 21:28).





Chapter Two



Very few people realize that their own bodies actually grow on the basis
of an exponential curve which is representative of the growth rate of
nature; starting with a single cell that then begins to reproduce.  This
same pattern of growth is found throughout nature, and human lifestyle is
dictated by this doubling factor or exponential growth.



There are many concerns about events that are taking place today which are
multiplying at an accelerated rate.  For instance, population growth, and
the energy imbalance in the world.  Rather than try to look at every
individual country, a few will be singled out as examples.



In Western Europe there is the organization known as the Common Market, or
European Economic Community (E.E.C.). Its growth has been reported many
times in magazine and newspaper articles, and it is something to behold
here in the early part of the nineties.  The Common Market comprises
approximately six percent of the population of the entire world.  When
first formed, the Common Market said that energy was not a real problem for
them.  They claimed to have a good coal supply, but through the last twenty
or so years these European countries have discovered that energy, in the
form of liquid petroleum, is a more suitable and convenient form.  Now they
are what is called "energy starved." The Common Market claims to be limited
in growth due to a lack of energy (oil).  They say that if they had more
energy (oil), they could grow faster.  It is interesting to note how
dependent and reliant the E.E.C. has become on the oil-producing countries
of the Middle East, as has the rest of the world.  This situation bodes ill
for oil users, and plays into the hands of the oil producers.



Moving on, we see that the former Soviet Union, which comprises about
seven percent of the world's population, is also energy starved. (World
sources report that Russia has one of the largest oil pools in the world
that it won't -or can't- try to recover for its own use or export.) Japan
constitutes three percent of the world's population; Africa, ten percent;
South America, four percent; and the Far East, excluding Japan, makes up
one-third, or thirty-three percent of the world's population.  The United
States makes up only six percent of the world's population.

	

As an experiment, a class of high school students was asked to calculate
the combined incomes of their mother and father.  The minimum combined
salary of their parents was about $13,000, the maximum in the neighborhood
of $70,000, but the average was only $26,000.  They were then asked, "Would
you be satisfied to make the average as your maximum income?" When a
student is about seventeen to twenty years old, their parents are making
their maximum income in terms of earning power.  Sure, their salaries may
go up, but, at best, it will just keep up with inflation.  With that
thought in mind, it really made the question: "Would you settle for the
same standard of living as your mother and father?" This, then, forced them
to think ahead to when they would be older and more mature, on their own,
and earning a living.



Out of one hundred and twenty-five students only three said they would be
satisfied with $26,000 a year as their maximum income.  That is two percent
that would be satisfied with the same standard of living.  Asked how many
would accept twice as much, $52,000 a year, only six responded in the
affirmative. $78,000 a year?  One dozen responded affirmatively.  Fully
one-half of the class was

expecting at least $128,000 a year!



Using a conservative figure, assume that the class only wants a three to
five times increase in their standard of living.  The reason that this is
so alarming is due to the amount of energy that each of these proportions
of world population are using.  The Common Market with six percent of all
the world's population is using nineteen percent of the energy, or about
one-fifth.  Is it fair for six percent to use one-fifth of all the world's
energy?



The former Soviet Union, with seven percent of the world's population, is
using sixteen percent of the energy.  So it could be said that they are
energy hogs, and they are using more than their share of available energy .
Japan, with three percent of the world's population, even though they
continually cry for a better standard of living, consumes four percent of
all the world's energy; half of that is used making products for the
Western world.  Africa, with ten percent of the world's population, uses
only two percent of all the world's energy.  The Far East, one-third of the
world's population, consumes only three percent of the world's energy.
Then we come to the United States, where six percent of the world's
population consumes somewhere between thirty-eight and forty percent of all
the world's energy!  The frightening thing is that those students want to
have a three to five times increase in their standard of living, which
means that there would not be a single country other than the United States
who would be able to use energy.



The Common Market, Russia (the former U.S.S.R.), and the United States,
which make up less than one-fourth of all the world's population, consumes
over three-fourths of all the world's energy, and this appetite for fuel is
greater now than ever before. (The Gulf War was a demonstration of the
world as a whole saying "no" to Iraq for trying to seize Kuwait and
monopolize one of the world's largest oil reserves, thus holding the world
hostage.) The fact is, that the United States and many other countries are
hooked on oil, the way an alcoholic is hooked on alcohol, or an addict is
hooked on drugs.  It is not a matter of tapering off because increasing
demand continues to build up this appetite for more energy.  This fits into
the doubling model.  Instead of using energy less, more energy is being
used this year than was used last year.  Next year more energy will be used
because consumption is increasing, or growing, like the bacteria in the
bottle.



The heart of the problem, the unbridled expenditure of energy, is not the
fault of foreign powers.  It is not the fault of the oil companies.  It is
the fault of individuals and their standard of living, plus their steadfast
refusal to cut back or find additional energy sources or alternatives.
Man's response to all similar crises has always been: "Somehow or other we
will figure a way out."



	"Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall."
(Prov.16:18)



There is an interesting story that will help people appreciate the
magnitude of this problem.  A mathematician invented the game of chess, and
the king that he served was delighted.  The king said, "That's a clever
game.  I need to reward you.  How can I reward you?" "Well," the
mathematician said, "I will tell you what you can do to reward me.  Take
the chessboard and on square one, place one grain of wheat.  Double this
amount on square two, and then double that amount on square three, and so
on."

	

The king was delighted.  He said to himself, "This man is brilliant when
it comes to chess, but when it comes to understanding agriculture and
economics, well, he is a fool."



So the king began, and on square one he put down one grain, and on square
two he put down two grains.  At this time, the mathematician owned one
grain on the first square, and two on the second square for a total of
three grains.  Square number three doubled produced four grains and square
number four doubled produced eight grains.  There are sixty-four squares on
a chessboard, and at the end of the doubling actions, on the sixty-fourth
square the king would have been required to pay the mathematician five
hundred times the 1976 world wheat harvest!



Five hundred times the 1976 wheat harvest is a huge amount of wheat, but
equally as important is the fact that when the king put down four grains on
the third square, those four grains were greater in number than all of the
grain that had accumulated on the first two squares.  When the king put
down sixteen grains on the fifth square, the sixteen grains were greater in
number than the total of all the previous squares.  This is the same
situation that the United States has with respect to the world energy
crisis.



An article in Scientific American implies that the future growth in global
demands for energy will come mainly from the less developed third-world
countries.  The entire article shows once again the exponential curve.  It
shows how these countries want to grow at the same rate as the United
States, but some of them are barely above the starvation level.



Even sadder is to begin to look at the relationship between fuel and food
and realize how people must shut their eyes to the problems in the Far East
and Africa.  It must be remembered in this context that this is forty-three
percent of the world's population consuming only five percent of the
world's energy.  That also says that they are food starved, and that's why
massive estimates have been seen of how many people will starve during the
decade of the nineties.



All of the exponential curves present within the activities of man and his
existence are coming to a head and must surely explode.  There will be
sudden starvation -or it will appear to be sudden.. These problems are
constantly growing, but they will leap forward suddenly.



	That's the critical word: "Suddenly."



Remember the bottle of bacteria?  Suddenly at 12:00 the bottle was full.
The bottle was half-full at 11:59, and then suddenly, at 12:00, it was
full!  The energy situation is the same way.  People look around and say,
"Hey, there is enough energy to meet our needs." But, in reality, the clock
is at 11:58 and perhaps 11:59 in the energy crisis, especially with respect
to petroleum engineering.  The pattern is really this in the United States:




	Creation to 1950:		Two world wars and an industrial revolution.

	1950 to 1960:		As much petroleum consumed as was used in the prior six
thousand

					years of existence.

	1960 to 1970:		More energy consumed than had been used from creation to 1960.

	1970 to 1980:		More energy consumed than had been used from creation to 1970.

	1980 to 1990:		With more cars on the road than ever, more travel, more
air conditioned

			shopping mars, etc. fuel consumption surpasses that used from

			Creation to 1980! (Remember the chessboard?)



Jesus spoke these words in Matthew 24:6-8:  "And ye shall hear of wars and
rumors of wars: see that ye be not troubled.- for these things must come to
pass, but the end is not yet.  For nation shall rise against nation, and
kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and
earthquakes, in divers places.  All these are the beginning of sorrows."



Every person needs to make their individual peace with God.  God is
allowing the human race to come right down to the wire, and the showdown
looms on the horizon.  If you are for Christ, you will be with Him, but if
you are against Him, you will be separated from Him and will participate in
the terrible Tribulation which you will not survive.  That is the bottom
line.



[Editor's Note:  Although the updated version of this article occurred in
1993, the lessons and applications remain germane.  The length of this
article necessitates continuation in several parts.]



The booklet Suddenly No More Time by Emil Gaverluk and Rob Lindsted is
published by Southwest Radio Church, PO Box 1144, Oklahoma City, OK 73101 -
phone 405-235-5395; 1-800-652-1144.  Fax 405-236-4634.





FOOD SUMMIT SPEEDS UN AGENDA

by Berit Kjos



*     *     *     *     *

"Earth is the birthright of all people."1 (An International Declaration on
Individual and Common Rights to the Earth)



"We, in the green movement, aspire to a cultural model in which killing a
forest will be considered more contemptible and more criminal than the sale
of six-year-old children to Asian brothels."2   (Carl Amery, German Greens)



"If I were reincarnated I would wish to be returned to earth as a killer
virus to lower human population levels."3  (Prince Philip of Great Britain,
leader of World Wildlife Fund)



*     *     *     *     *

"Where the Buffalo Roam: Reclaiming the Great Plains." The title of the
cover article in the TWA magazine intrigued me. Flying east across the
Great Plains toward Minneapolis, I scanned the quilt-like farmland below
and wondered which part might be reclaimed for the bison.



The article began with a full sized picture of an old red barn in a golden
field. "An abandoned farm in Mayville, North Dakota," explained the
caption, "signifies the decline in self-sustaining agriculture on the Great
Plains." Under a photo of grazing buffaloes was written, "Buffalo are

integral to the region's health."



Abandoned farms in Mayville? No health without bison?



Since my husband grew up in Mayville, I knew well that no one abandons
farms in this fertile valley. But contrary facts matter little to political
activists with a green agenda. These deceptive photos help "prove" the
existence of a crisis. They provide the persuasive "information" needed to
"raise consciousness", produce consensus, validate centralized land
management, and speed compliance with unthinkable controls.  I read on:



"Human design, not natural selection, will be responsible for the great
buffalo herds of the 21st century. They are part of a plan to reconstruct
nature...already well along in the initial stages of implementation."



The grander scheme, led by President Clinton's Council on Sustainable
Development (PCSD) together with the United Nations Commission on
Sustainable Development, means restoring wolves, owls, snails, bugs and
bacteria to an idealized version of their former state. Whole ecosystems,
not just parts, must be reconstructed -often at the expense of private
landowners.



With the United Nations' World Food Summit (WFS) on my mind, I pondered an
obvious paradox: How would UN visionaries and their environmental partners
reconcile (1) their desire to return fertile farmland back to buffalo
grazing land with (2) their demand for a global welfare systems promising
"food security" for all?



RECONSTRUCTING NATURE. The vision of buffalo herds roaming free throughout
the plains was birthed by academics Deborah and Frank Popper in distant New
Jersey. They interpreted statistics showing reduced population in many
rural communities to mean that farming the Plains had been an
"ill-conceived" notion from the beginning. "The best use for the Great

Plains", argued the Poppers, was to ban farming altogether, create a
"Buffalo Commons", and restore the land to its original condition. Other
land-use planners from distant states agreed. But farmers were afraid.



"We're tremendously concerned about losing our property rights," said Mike
Schmidt, a South Dakota rancher. "Right now, two things are particularly
scary for us-endangered species and wetlands... Essentially, they can
determine how you use your land."



Schmidt has reason to fear. The "Buffalo Commons" envisioned by idealistic
planners is huge enough to touch everyone. "To really do any good, we have
to plan over large geographies," says Bruce Stein, the director of external
affairs for conservation science at the Nature Conservancy, a powerful
advocacy group for ecosystem planning. "A natural system needs room to
function."



A "healthy Great Plains would encompass every square meter of the Plains,
from the prairie provinces of Canada through Oklahoma and Texas," added
Glen Martin who wrote the TWA article. It would include Colorado, Kansas,
Montana, Nebraska, and the Dakotas as well as the "adjacent ecosystems,
such as the boreal forests of northern Michigan and Minnesota and aspen
groves of the eastern slopes of the Rockies. Some Great Plains species need
more than one habitat to thrive."



So do some humans, but that doesn't count.



Aware of opposition, restoration scholars are willing to start small: by
connecting big chunks of biodiverse ecosystems with corridors to aid animal
migrations. This agenda matches that of The Wildlands Project conceived by
convicted "eco-warrior" Dave Foreman who co-founded the militant eco-group
Earth First and serves as on the board of the Sierra Club.





"Embraced by the  U.S. Department of the Interior, the EPA (Environmental
Protection Agency), The Nature Conservancy, UNPED (United Nations
Environment Programme), UNESCO,  and the Sierra Club," says Henry Lamb,
publisher of eco-logic, "the Wildlands Project wants to return 'at least 50
percent' of the land area in America to 'core wilderness areas' where human

activity is barred."4



These "core wilderness areas", Lamb explains, would "be connected by
corridors" and "surrounded by 'buffer zones' in which there may be managed
human activity providing that biodiversity protection is the first
priority."5



Congressman Don Young (R-Alaska) shares Henry Lamb's concern. In June
1996, he introduced "The American Land Sovereignty Protection Act." But it
failed to pass-in spite of his persuasive words to the House of
Representatives:



"More and more of our nation's land has become subject to international
land-use restrictions.... A total of 67 sites in the United States have
been designated as UN Biosphere Reserves or World Heritage Sites. These
programs are run by UNESCO-an arm of the UN.... The Biosphere

Reserve program is not even authorized by a single U.S. law or even an
international treaty. That is wrong.  Executive branch appointees....
should not do things that the law does not authorize.

... the power to make all rules and regulations governing lands belonging
to the United States is vested in the Congress.... Yet the international
land designations under these programs have been created with virtually no
congressional oversight."6



Even so, the President's Council on Sustainable Development, like the
other national CSDs around the world, continues to pursue its intrusive
plan for land management based on UN guidelines. It suggests using
government regulations, tax incentives and disincentives, the media, and
persuasive "scientific" information to manage lands, people, communities,
consumption, transportation, and knowledge.



Its authors include Bruce Babbitt (Secretary of the Interior), Jay Hair
(former National Wildlife Federation president who formed a partnership
with John Denver's New Age-globalist organization Windstar), Madeline Kunin
(Deputy Secretary, Department of Education), and Timothy Wirth
(Undersecretary of State for Global Affairs).



Its "principal liasons" include the EPA, The Nature Conservancy, and the
Sierra Club-the same organizations that support the Wildlands Project. In
light of this liason, ponder the comment by Wildlands Project Director Reed
Noss: "The collective needs of non-human species must take precedence over
the needs and desires of humans."7



Even when people are starving?



MANAGING FOOD. "World leaders will assemble in Rome from 13 to 17
November, 1966, making a  public commitment to action to eliminate hunger,"
stated the official "Brochure" available on the World Food Summit's world
wide web page. "As preparations for the Summit proceed, world grain stocks
have dwindled to dangerously low levels... a reminder of the fragility of
food supplies in a world that must produce more each year to feed a rapidly
increasing population.... An estimated 800 million people still are
chronically undernourished.... The agreements reached at the Summit will
place food...at the top of the global agenda alongside peace and
stability."



The "agreements" are a two-part contract: the World Food Summit (WFS)
Document and the Plan of Action. Signed by the participating nations, this
contract holds nations accountable for fulfilling their assigned part of
the UN agenda. Under the noble banner of "civic government", it links local
and international NGOs (Non Governmental Organizations) directly to the UN,

bypassing  Congress and other legislatures that cling to old notions of
sovereignty.



The real issue is control. Who will manage and monitor the global
production and distribution of food? How will they manage information,
motivate the masses, and establish consensus and solidarity?



Just as US educators promise "local control" while implementing the global
education plan, so the WFS acknowledged national sovereignty, but mandated
compliance. Each nation that signed thecontract agreed to a monstrous
system of old and new UN resolutions starting with Commitment One: "We will
ensure an enabling political, social, and economic environment designed to
create the best conditions for the eradication of poverty and for durable
peace ...."



What does that mean? The Marxist economics and social "equality" touted by
the UN?



The jubilant reception of Fidel Castro and his hard-line Communist message
gives a clue to the world's hostility toward Western capitalism and free
enterprise. No wonder the WFS contract tells nations to "reallocate
resources" as "required to ensure food for all" (#59,e) -not through
foreign aid, but through total worldwide social and economic
transformation.



During a televised "World Food Summit Preview"8, a reporter asked
Secretary of Agriculture Dan Glickman who heads the US delegation to the
Summit if the US might be "negotiating away some rights" and "accepting
restraints on what we can plant...what fertilizers we can use, what
chemicals we can use on the land."



Obviously irritated by the question, Glickman answered, "We were never
headed in that direction.... We would never have accepted that!" Yet,
minutes later, he mentioned his plan to restrict the use "of pesticides,
herbicides and insecticide."



The WFS contract doesn't specify the "preventative measures". Apparently,
the more sensitive parts of the agenda were discussed in settings less open
to critical eyes. As a UN news release suggests, the gathering in Rome
"might yield more than the summit itself":



"Canadian Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale... told reporters that he
hoped to have unofficial talks.... 'Part of what will happen in Rome,' he
said, 'apart from the official agenda, is a great deal of corridor
conversations, which on occasion can be more valuable than the official
proceedings.'"9



Far more sobering than the stated goals is the establishment of a legal
framework for global governance. Most official contracts signed by nations
at former UN Conferences reach beyond stated topics such as saving the
earth, eradicating poverty, empowering women, and feeding the poor. Those
issues fit into a larger context which involves a vast "systemic" plan for
global transformation-a reality which begs the question: Could each current
issue simply be the "crisis" needed to persuade the masses to accept
totalitarian controls?



For example, the WFS contract calls for "protecting the interests and
needs of the child... consistent with... the Convention on the Rights of
the Child." (#17) Are children's rights being used as a smoke screen that
justifies government plans to develop "human resources" without hindrance
from parents with contrary values?



In a 1993 speech at the International Development Conference, James P.
Grant, past executive director of the United Nation's Children's Fund
(UNICEF), said- "Children and women can be our Trojan Horse for attacking
the citadel of poverty, for under girding democracy, dramatically slowing
population growth and for accelerating economic development."10



The WFS contract asked governments, "in partnership with all actors of
civil society" to "establish legal and other mechanisms, as appropriate,
that advance land reform." (#15, b)  Could this mean the rights of the
poor, especially of women, to "access to land" might be emphasized over and
above the property rights of present land owners? The UN contract signed at
Women's Conference in Beijing indicated such a "right", and the WFS
affirmed it: "Support and implement commitments made at the Fourth World
Conference on Women...." (#16,a)



Nations that signed the WFS contract agreed to Commitment 7: "implement,
monitor, and follow-up this Plan of Action at all levels in cooperation
with the international community." President Clinton took a big step toward
fulfilling his part through Executive Order 13011. Creating a massive
information technology management system linked to international systems,
it helps federal agencies-FBI, CIA, FEMA, EPA and Departments of State,
Education, Labor, Health and Human Services, Agriculture, Interior,
etc.-exchange and monitor information around the world.



According to UN guidelines, all people and all places would be
monitored-schools, homes, workplaces ....All who violate the new standards
for tolerance, gender equity, or sustainable living at home or at work
would be tracked through the vast UN-controlled data system.



Globalist leaders know that only a new set of beliefs and values will
prepare the Western world to accept what Al Gore calls "sacrifice, struggle
and a wrenching transformation of society."11 The 3 E's of Sustainable
Development (Environment, Economy, and Equity) must become the world's
central organizing principle. Every nation must submit to a "system-wide
coordination within the framework of the coordinated follow-up to UN
conferences..."  Resident UN coordinators would direct and monitor "the
allocation and use of financial and human resources" (#59,h,e), while
nations yield their sovereignty to a monstrous multilevel global
bureaucracy.



All this would be hard for Americans to swallow unless persuasive
information can change their minds. So the UN calls for "system-wide
advocacy" to guide its agenda through the "difficult times of economic
transition, budget austerity and structural adjustment" ahead. (#59,m,n)



"Improve the... dissemination and utilization of information and
data...needed to guide and monitor progress..." states the contract.
(#59,c)  The validity of new data matters less than its power to stir
feelings and motivate the masses to accept the new socialist criteria for
economic equality.12  As Stanford environmentalist Stephen Schneider said,
"we need to get some broad based support ....So we have to offer up scary
scenarios, make simplified, dramatic statements and make little mention of
any doubts we might have...."13



To rally public support, advocacy must outweigh integrity. A memo to
employees of the Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment14 told
workers to discard all documents "which contain other policy proposals not
adopted or reflected" in its final policy decisions. "Only
those...communications which are reflected or embodied in the final
decision or document shall be kept on file."



What counts is the appearance of consensus-the key to managing people
through "civic government." To ensure conformity to UN policies at all
levels of society, the "WFS Plan of Action builds on consensus reached."
(#10)  This strategy, which uses planned dialogues and politically correct
data to create a collective mindset, is already being used in American
schools, workplaces, communities, and government agencies. It is promoted
through UN literature, the US Department of Education's Community Action
Toolkit, and Sustainable America, the 1996 report by the President's
Council on Sustainable Development. In fact, the worldwide "human resource"
management system envisioned by socialist leaders long ago is almost in
place.



MANAGING PEOPLE. "Raise the global profile of food security issues through
system-wide advocacy," states the WFS contract. (#58.12) It uses words such
as advocacy, civil society, participatory, and empowering to indicate the
strategic blend of propaganda and dialogue used around the world to win
grass-roots support for the global agenda.



Around the world, facilitators are being trained to lead the consensus
process. Emotional phrases such as "food insecurity" and "vulnerability
information" evoke the public sympathy needed to change attitudes and spur
action.



The WFS contract states, "To prevent and resolve conflicts peacefully and
create a stable political environment, ...governments.... will... reinforce
peace, by developing conflict prevention mechanisms... promoting
tolerance.... Develop policy making... processes that are democratic,
transparent, participatory, empowering...." (#14)



"Promoting tolerance" is key to the paradigm shift from biblical to
earth-centered beliefs and values. The 1995  NESCO Declaration on
Tolerance, signed by member states, defines tolerance as "respect,
acceptance and  appreciation" of the world's diverse cultures and
lifestyles-an attitude that "involves the rejection of dogmatism and
absolutism." It is "not only a moral duty, it is also a political and legal
requirement." Since "intolerance is a global threat," UNESCO demands a
worldwide "response to this global challenge, including...effective
countermeasures...."



Why discuss tolerance, consensus building, compromise, and conflict
resolution at a UN summit on food? First, UN leaders warn us that
intolerance causes conflict, which hinders food production and brings
poverty. Second, since intolerance implies resistance to the new global
values and solidarity, it is a threat to the completion of the whole UN
plan. So intolerance must be quenched, while "tolerance promotion and the
shaping of attitudes.... should take place in schools and universities...
at home and in the workplace...."15



The solution, as you saw, is the consensus process, also called conflict
resolution, Hegelian dialectics, or the Delphi Technique. To unify people
with opposing values,  the public must be engaged in "participatory"
dialogues. These dialogues produce the collective thinking which prods
participants beyond the old truths into the ambiguous realm of imagination
and evolving truths.



The ground rules demand that everyone participate and find "common
ground."  They forbid dissent and argument, no matter how unsound the
"scientific"evidence used to back the preplanned consensus. "
Adversarial... processes" must be replaced with "collaborative approaches
to resolving conflicts" through "education, information and communications"
until "people, bonded by a shared purpose"16 learn to comply.



It's happening everywhere. Young and old are being trained to blend their
values, adapt their beliefs, think as a group, and conform to new
standards. Like other nations, America is following the Pied Piper into a
new world order whose architects may sound compassionate, but are neither
rational, factual, honest nor tolerant.



POPULATION CONTROL.  Notice the paradoxes. The United Nations promises
human rights, but mandates social engineering. It promises peace, but
creates conflict. It touts science, but twists it into propaganda. And it
pledges food security, but limits land use. How, then, can it reconcile its
vision of a global welfare system with its green agenda, including the huge
biosphere reserves?



The Global Biodiversity Assessment (GBA) suggest an answer: simply cut the
world population by about 80%-or return to a feudal lifestyle (no cars,
planes, air conditioners ...)  Meeting the need for "scientific and
technical assessments" mandated in the UN Convention on Biological
Diversity,17 the GBA estimates that, "an 'agricultural world' in which most
human beings are peasants, should be able to support 5 to 7 billion
people.... In contrast, a reasonable estimate for an industrialized world
society at the present North American material standard of living would be
1 billion [people]."18



For globalist leaders such as Undersecretary of State Timothy Wirth, the
process is too slow. "We hope the senate will... ratify the Biological
Diversity Treaty which is essential to all the issues," he told reporters,
"[and to the] continuing emphasis on the increasing need for population
stabilizing ...."19  A crusader for Malthusian economics and China's
one-child family planning, Wirth has indicated that by protecting women
fleeing China's oppressive abortion policies, "we could potentially open
ourselves up to just about everybody in the world saying 'I don't want to
plan my family, therefore I deserve political asylum."20



Wirth's views may sound too radical for consensus, but that depends on
whose voice is heard. UN leaders promise to involve everyone, but
dissenters are left out.



Today's typical consensus process allows resisters a moment to expose
themselves, but it refuses to record their objections. So does the new
civil society. "Bella Abzug's NGO Forum will submit a document supposedly
representing 1,200 NGOs and millions of persons worldwide,"  observed Eagle
forum leader Cathie Adams, "The supporters of that document claim to
represent the world's civil society. [Yet] conservative groups like Eagle
forum have experienced tremendous harassment.... Clearly, the 'new civil
society' cannot accommodate traditional family values. The radical
feminists are extremists attempting to stifle any conservative views."21



So are the socialists behind the UN agenda. As Andrei Vishinsky wrote in
The Law of the Soviet State,  "naturally, there can be no place for freedom
of speech, press, and so on for the foes of socialism."22



Exclusion and hostility have pursued Jews and Christians throughout
history. Biblical values simply don't fit a world that has turns its back
to God. "If you were of the world, the world would love its own," Jesus
told His friends. "Yet because you are not of the world, but I chose you
out of the world, therefore the world hates you.... If they  persecuted Me,
they will also persecute you... because they do not know Him who sent Me."



Moments later, Jesus encouraged His friends with a promise: "These things
I have spoken to you, that in Me you may have peace. In the world you will
have tribulation; but be of good cheer, I have overcome the world." (John
15:19-21, 16:33)  In a world of confusion, conflict, and catastrophe, He
alone offers the hope, strength, and guidance that can bring victory over
evil.



*     *     *     *     *



For practical information about the U.S. implementation of the U.N. agenda
for educating the masses, read Brave New Schools (Harvest House
Publishers). Available through Christian bookstores or call 800-829-5646.



Endnotes:

1 Kathleen Marquardt, "Are Your Ready for Our New Age Future?" Insider's

Report, American Policy Center (703-925-0881), December 1995; p. 3.

2 Ibid.

3 Ibid.

4 Henry Lamb, "Rewilding America," eco-logic (November/December 1995)

5 Ibid.

6 Don Young, Statement on H.R. 3752 in House of Representatives, September

12, 1996.

7 Henry Lamb, "Rewilding America," eco-logic (November/December 1995)

8 CNN, November 8, 1996.

9 WFS News release: Rome, November 10, 1996.

10Joan Veon, Compilation of the Beijing Draft Document Grouped by Perceived

or Stated Goals (Olney, MD: TWG, Inc., 1995),i.

11 Al Gore, Earth in the Balance (New York: Houghton Mifflin Company,

1992), p. 274.

12 All these points will be validated with quotes from the PCSD or WFS Plan

of Action.

13 Jonathan Schell, "Our Fragile Earth," Discover (October 1989); 44.

14 This agency evaluates the risks of chemical pollutants and assists the

state Environmental Protection Agency in writing regulations supposedly

needed to protect public health.

15 Declaration on Tolerance, UNESCO.

16 The President's Council on Sustainable Development, Sustainable America,

112-113.

17 Article 25 (2a)

18 Lines 1782-1786

19 CNN, November 8, 1996.

20 Robert James Bidinotto, "Environmental Freedom's Foe for the Nineties,"

The Freeman (November 1990), p. 418. Cited by The Envirionmental Policy

Task Force News, Washington, D.C. (202-543-4779).

21 Cathie Adams, Texas Eagle Forum Press Release, November 13,1996.

22 Encyclopedia Britannica, Vol. 5, p. 164.



Berit is a regular contributor to PZ.  She provides well documented and
well researched material.  You may send her e-mail at the PropheZine e-mail
addresses.  We will forward them to her.



PARADIGM LOST

by John Loeffler, Colorado Christian News

loeffler@comtch.iea.com



It has become fashionable for people on the left to chirp "extremist" at
any viewpoint on the right opposing their belief.  Consider however that
the great and good of today's moderation movement are the radical leftists
of thirty years ago.  "Extreme right" today actually describes much of the
mainstream culture three decades back when radical left flower children
commenced their rabble-rousing change of society and started a love
movement by calling the police "pigs."   This was the same crowd that spat
on U.S. soldiers to oppose an immoral war.



Since then academics -- to the cheering of the media -- have pounded the
culture with a constant socialist, left-leaning drumbeat.  Generations
educated by this drumbeat began moving leftward and assumed their view to
be the cultural mainstream.  Now, they have discovered a whole crowd of
people who didn't move left with them -- the new "radical right."



"Moderation"  has become the left's mantra of choice.  What this really
means is that the right should take a neutral position, allowing the great
and good of the left to pursue their agendas unimpeded.



Really now.  Was the civil rights movement of the early 1960s a moderate
movement?  Absolutely not. It was driven by people standing for a political
change they believed was essential.  What about the various anti-war and
university protests that dotted the 1960s and 1970s?  Were they moderate?
Hardly.



Moderation -- taking no strong position on anything -- is a combination of
I'm O.K., you're O.K. psychology combined a no-such-thing-as-absolute-truth
philosophy.  Even Christians -- who should know better -- have gotten
sucked up into this bizarre mode of thought and actually think it's
biblical.



Notice there are never condemnations of those who are extreme about their
"moderation," which is really a form of militant mediocrity.  Since there
is no such thing as absolute truth, the reasoning goes, no one should
believe anything too much.  Therefore all ideas have equal weight, all
cultures are equally good and no one should criticize anyone else since all
our ideas are wonderful -- insert warm fuzzy group hug here -- and peace on
earth is just around the corner.



The real consequences of such pabulum are staggering.  The entire culture
has been placed on an ocean of floating, contradictory values which are
determined by pop fads of the moment rather than solid moral concepts of
right and wrong.  It is becoming pernicious in the judicial system where
legal precedent is thrown to the dogs in favor of political activism.



Here's moderation in action:  Feminists argue strongly in favor of a
woman's right to choose?  Are they in favor of a woman's right to abort a
female fetus because it's a girl?   Why that would violate the fetus's
right to be a female.  A fetus then has a right to be female but doesn't
have a right to life.  The very same people telling you the public has no
right to tell a woman what to do with her body start telling women what to
do with their bodies.  Ah but that's the fun of making up truth up as you
go.



The contradictions of relative truths flooding the culture, especially the
judicial system, are dangerous to future stability.  There are no rules
except that we have no rules except toleration of all rules except those
rules that say we mustn't tolerate something, and we can't tolerate that;
that would be intolerant.  Did you follow that?  Good. I didn't either but
that is the nonsense being foisted on us today by the great and good.



For a Christian, the argument should NEVER be over whether or not there is
an absolute truth -- the Bible tells us there is.  The argument is over
whether or not our ideas, views, theology and philosophies come close to
that truth.  This provides us with fixed moral references in an ocean of
constantly changing public values.



The next time someone says to you "that's just your truth" or "there is no
such thing as absolute truth," ask them to hand over YOUR money which is in
THEIR wallet.  You'll see quickly what they really believe about absolute
truth.  I guarantee it -- absolutely!



Comments regarding this article may be e-mailed to John Loeffler at
loeffler@comtch.iea.com





A CHAUFFEUR FOR JESUS?  A JEWISH LEGEND?

by Randy Martin

rmartin@cadvision.com



* * * * * * * * * *

..no no NOT a Chauffeur! ... it just sounds like Chauffeur. It is
"Shofar", the trumpet of God!



The Bible has a lot to say about the Shofar, a simple hollowed out ram's
horn. Shofar is a Hebrew word meaning: horn or rams horn. The Bible(KJV)
translates this as "trumpet" in 68 explicit references to the Shofar in the
Old Testament. The New Testament contains many more references to trumpet.
I have read all these trumpet words many times ... but somehow I never
really paid that much attention to the trumpet itself or what it meant to
blow it ... at least not until a "Jewish Legend" about the Shofar caught my
eye recently. Then I started reading up about it ... and it is exciting!
When you think of the Shofar - think of Moses, Joshua, Gideon, Nehemiah,
David ...Think coronation, ark of the covenant, temple, rebuilding
Jerusalem ...  Think Resurrection of the Dead! and Messiah returning!!
Think loud sounds!



1) SO WHAT IS THE JEWISH LEGEND?



"The Shofar is the Biblical trumpet which was used in ancient times to
call the tribes of Israel to battle; to assemble together for their
wanderings in the desert; and to stir their hearts to repentance.  Jewish
legend has it that two very special Shofars were made from the horns of the
ram which was caught in the thicket and sacrificed by our Father, Abraham,
in place of our Father, Isaac, on Mount Moriah."



"From these two special Shofars, the first was sounded by G-d Himself on
Mount Sinai at the time of the giving of the Torah. The second Shofar made
from this ram will be sounded in the future to herald the coming of the
True Messiah and the completion of the final Redemption of Mankind through
the Jewish people. "



"Project Shofar", documented the above legend on the internet at:



[Check it out]
http://www.virtual.co.il/aliyah/aliyah/shofar/newsletter/trumpet.htm



Established by Nir College of Judaic Studies, in Hebron, Project Shofar
has the following purpose: "to attune our ears to the Call of the Shofar of
Redemption which has already begun. The return of the Jewish People to the
Land of Israel from all four corners of the Earth ..." Have a look! There
are pictures!



Now when I read the Bible and it talks about blowing the trumpet, I think
oh THAT Trumpet!



2) WHAT DOES THE SHOFAR SOUND LIKE?



[Check it out]        http://www.jfed.org/magnes/shofar.htm



A group called "FEDNET: On-line with the Jewish Community of the Greater
East Bay!!! " have a beautiful picture of a shofar AND also offer the sound
of it's blast for you to hear - through your computer! They say "The shofar
symbolizes the major theme of the Days of Repentance .... The shofar, with
its powerful and profound calls, removes the obstacles before us and helps
us reach this new

start." Link, listen and think.  Now when I read the Bible and it says the
trumpet sounded I think -

oh THAT sound!



3) GOD WROTE THINGS FOR YOU TO PONDER



I won't quote all the trumpet scripture or all the 68 direct references
... but it is worth your while to get out your Bible and linger a while
with the ones outlined below. Let your mind marinate on the context of each
account, gathering a sense of the sights and sounds and purpose of what is
taking place.



        Moses Heard The Shofar Sound Loud and Long



Ex 19:16*  ...there were thunders and lightnings, and a thick cloud upon
the mount, and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the
people that were in the camp trembled. ....19  ...the trumpet

sounded long, and grew louder and louder, Moses spoke, and God answered
him by a voice.



        Moses  - Blow the Shofar on Day of Atonement



Lev 25:9  Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubilee to sound on the
tenth day of the seventh month, in the day of atonement ...



        Moses - Blow the Shofar to Gather the Princes



Nu 10:4  And if they blow but with one trumpet, then the princes, who are
heads of the thousands of Israel, shall assemble themselves to thee.



        Joshua - The Shofar Blasts Long at Jericho



Josh 6:5  And it shall come to pass, that when they make a long blast with
the ram's horn, and when ye hear the sound of the trumpet, all the people
shall shout with a great shout; and the wall of the city shall fall down
flat ...



        Gideon's Sword Announced by the Shofar Blast!



Jud 7:18  When I blow with a trumpet, I and all that are with me, then
blow ye the trumpets also on every side of all the camp, and say, The sword
of the LORD, and of Gideon.



        Dancing David Brings the Ark Home - Sound the Shofar!



2 Sam:15  So David and all the house of Israel brought up the ark of the
LORD with shouting, and with the sound of the trumpet. 16  ... king David
leaping and dancing before the LORD; ... 17 and set it in

its place, inside the tabernacle ..



        Solomon Crowned on a Mule - Shofar Sounds!



1 Kings 1:32*  And king David said .... 33 cause Solomon my son to ride
upon my own mule, and .... anoint him there king over Israel:  and blow ye
with the trumpet ...



        Nehemiah Rebuilds Jerusalem; Sound the Shofar!



Neh 4:18  For the builders, every one had his sword girded by his side,
and so built. And he that sounded the trumpet was by me. ...our God shall
fight for us.



        David says: the Shofar announces Messiah! Praise him!



Psalm 47:5*  God is gone up with a shout, the LORD with the sound of a
trumpet. 6  Sing praises to God, sing praises: sing praises to our King,
sing praises.



        Isaiah says: the Shofar sounds Deliverance



 Isa 27:13  ... the great trumpet shall be blown, and they shall come who
were ready to perish ...



        Jeremiah says: the Shofar sounds the Watchman's Warning



Jer 6:17  Also I set watchmen over you, saying, Hearken to the sound of
the trumpet.



        Ezekiel says: the Shofar Warns the People



Eze 33:3  If when he seeth the sword come upon the land, he shall blow the
trumpet, and warn the people ...



        Joel says: the Shofar Announces The Day of The Lord



Joel 2:1*  Blow ye the trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm in my holy
mountain: let all the  inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the
LORD cometh, for it is near at hand;



        Zechariah says: the God Will Blow The Shofar!



Zec 9:14  "his arrow shall go forth as the lightning: and the Lord GOD
shall blow the trumpet"



        Paul says: the Dead Will Be Resurrected at the Last Trumpet



1Co 15:52  ... in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet ... the
dead shall be raised ...



        Paul says: God Sounds the Last Trumpet



1Th 4:16  For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout ...
with the trumpet of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first...



        John heard The Trumpet Blast - Loud!!



Re 1:10  I ... heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet,



        John heard the Trumpet Say "Come Up Here"!



Re 4:1*  ... behold, a door was opened in heaven: and the first voice
which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me; which said, Come
up here ...



        John says: Two Witnesses Rise From The Dead in Plain View!



Re 11:11  And after three days and an half the Spirit of life from God
entered into them, and they stood upon their feet; and great fear fell upon
them who saw them. 12  And they heard a great voice

from heaven saying to them, Come up here. And they ascended to heaven in a
cloud; and their enemies beheld them. ....15 And the seventh angel sounded
... The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of
his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever. ... 19  And the temple of
God was opened in heaven, and there was seen in his temple the ark of his
covenant: and there

were lightnings, and voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake, and great
hail.



Soak in these words a little ... listen to the sound of the shofar and let
it's sound reverberate in your mind, let your heart be stirred ...
anticipate this great event! It will be something like nothing else since

the times of Moses! But we can know and sense a little of what it will be
like even today ... it has happened before ... it will happen again!



4)  CONCLUSION



I think about Moses at the mountain of God ... the walls of Jericho
falling flat ... a few men with Gideon against a huge army ... Nehemiah
rebuilding the walls of Jerusalem in opposition ... the Watchman sounding
his alarm of war ... Jews streaming out of Israel to the mountains ...
Presidents and Prime Ministers of countries gathering, confused ... a
doorway openingin heaven .... a voice calling "come up here" ... a voice
calling my name "come up here"! ... a voice calling my wife's name "come up
here"! ... a voice calling my son's name "come up here"!... and in the
twinkling of an eye I am taken out the terror  ... two holy men lie bloody
in the streets of Jerusalem and rise from the dead in plain view on CNN ...
CNN

announces "The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord,
and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever." ... Canada is
announced as one of those kingdoms ... CNN records the temple of God
opening ... and there was seen in his temple the ark of his covenant: and
there are lightnings, and voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake ....
the King marches in power through Jerusalem's east gate ... there is a
Coronation and the King dances in Jerusalem in the temple ... there is a
massive gathering where we sing praises and we sing "I see the Lord seated
on the throne exalted!" "Holy, holy, holy, is the LORD of hosts: the whole
earth is full of his glory.", the Presidents and Prime Ministers of every
country bow on their knee at the ceremony and say "Thou art worthy, O Lord,
to receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things,
and for thy pleasure they are and were created." The world is changed
forever.



Yes - I imagine the shofar's blast long and loud .... I imagine our
attention being glued to it's first blast, like something strange that we
have not heard before ... I imagine the terror of those who hear it's blast
... I imagine it sounding again and many of those in Judea who hear it
taking cover ... I imagine the presidents of the countries gathering at
it's sound .... I imagine the Lord opening the doorway into heaven .... I
imagine a blast from that trumpet in the clouds and my name is called with
a shout "come up here!!" ... I imagine being snatched from the destruction
that is building and about to happen ... and most of all I imagine going
"up there" and being allowed to watch it all unfold from a safe distance
... I imagine the majesty of the King being crowned ... I imagine the ark
of the covenant being seen in the temple ... I imagine the sight of the
King dancing in the temple ... I imagine being in the courtyard and being
given a chance to blow the shofar and dance too!!  I imagine being given a
job in the "kingdom" ... I imagine the kingdom ... right, good, justice,
kindness, love ... no sin at all. I imagine beauty. I imagine my family
with me. I actually see the Lord face to face and he speaks to me "I told
you I would come for you --- here is the place I have prepared for you - go
on it's yours and no one will take it from you".



Going to meet the Lord will be a blast! Literally!! Let us all be ready
and have ears that hear.



"For thine is the kingdom, the power and the glory" AMEN!



This is Randy's first article for PZ....if you would like to encourage
him, his e-mail address is

rmartin@cadvision.com





Who Were the Magi?

By Chuck Missler

update@khouse.org



Each year as we approach the holiday season, our preparations for
Christmas include revisiting the events surrounding the birth of Our Lord.
Bethlehem,(1) the shepherds, and the angels are all familiar to us.  But
not much is generally known about the mysterious "Magi" who came to worship
the infant Jesus.  The following background may be helpful to stimulate
conversations around the fireplace, as our thoughts turn to this incredible
event from which we measure our very calendar.



Traditions



Most of what we associate with the "Magi" is from early church traditions.
Most have assumed that there were three of them since they brought three
specific gifts. (But the Biblical text doesn't number them.) They are
called "Magi" from the Latinized form of the Greek word magoi,
transliterated from the Persian for a select sect of priests. (Our word
"magic" comes from the same root.)



As the years passed, traditions became increasingly embelhshed.  By the
third century, they were viewed as kings.  By the sixth century they had
names: Bithisarea, Melichior, and Gathaspa.  Some even associated them with
Shem, Ham and Japheth, the three sons of Noah, and thus with Asia, Africa,
and Europe.  A fourteenth century Armenian tradition identifies them as
Balthasar, King of Arabia; Melchior, King of Persia; and Gasper, King of
India.



(Relics attributed to them emerged in the fourth century and were
transferred from Constantinople to Milan in the the fifth century, and then
to Cologne in 1162, where they remain enshrined today.)



These are all very interesting traditions, but what do we really know
about the Magi?



The Priesthood of the Medes



The ancient Magi were a hereditary priesthood of the Medes credited with
profound and extraordinary religious knowledge.  After some Magi, who had
been attached to the Median court, proved to be expert in the
interpretation of dreams, Darius the Great established them over the state
religion of Persia.(2) (Contrary to popular belief, the Magi were not
originally followers of Zoroaster.(3) That all came later.)



It was in this dual capacity whereby civil and political counsel was
invested with religious authority, that the Magi became the supreme
priestly caste of the Persian empire, and continued to be prominent during
the subsequent Seleucid, Parthian, Sasanian periods.(4)



The Role of Daniel	



One of the titles given to Daniel was Rab-mag, the Chief of the Magi.(5)
His unusual career included being a principal administrator in two world
empires, the Babylonian and the subsequent Persian Empire.  When Darius
appointed him, a Jew, over the previously hereditary Median priesthood, the
resulting repercussions resulted in the plots leading to the lion's den.(6)



Daniel appar- entrusted a messianic vision (to be announced in due time by
a "star") to a secret sect of the Magi for its eventual fulfillment.  But
first, let's cover some historical background.



Political Background.



Since the days of Daniel, the fortunes of both the Persian and the Jewish
nations had been closely intertwined.  Both nations had, in their turn,
fallen under Seleucid domination in the wake of Alexander's conquests.



Subsequently both had regained their independence: the Jews under
Maccabean leadership, and the Persians as the dominating ruling group
within the Parthian Empire.



It was at this time that the Magi, in their dual priestly and -
governmental office, composed and the upper house of the Council of the
Megistanes ("magistrates") whose duties included the absolute choice and
election of the king of the realm.



It was therefore a group of Persian-Parthian "king makers" who entered
Jerusalem in the latter days of the reign of Herod.  Herod's reaction was
understandably one of fear when one considers the background of Roman
Parthian rivalry that prevailed during his lifetime.



Rome on the Rise



Pompey, the first Roman conqueror of Jerusalem, attacked the Armenian
outpost of Parthia in 63 B.C. In 55 B.C. Carssus led Roman le gions in
sacking Jerusalem and, in a subsequent attack, Parthia proper.  The Romans
were decisively defeated at the battle of Carrhae with the loss of 30,000
troops, including their com mander.  The Parthians counter attacked with a
token invasion of Armenia, Syria, and Palestine.



Nominal Roman rule was reestablished under Antipater, the father of Herod,
who retreated before another Parthian invasion in 40 B.C.



Mark Anthony re-established Roman sovereignty in 37 B.C., and, like
Carssus before him, also embarked on a similarly ill-fated Parthian
expedition.  His disastrous retreat was followed by another wave of
invading Parthians, which swept all Roman opposition completely out of
Palestine (including Herod himself, who fled to Alexandria and then to
Rome).



With Parthian collaboration, Jewish sovereignty was restored and Jerusalem
was fortified with a Jewish garrison.



Herod, by this time, secured from Augustus Caesar the title of "King of
the Jews." However, it was not for three years (including a five month's
siege by Roman troops) that he was able to occupy his own capital city.
Herod had thus gained the throne of a rebellious buffer state which was
situated between two mighty contending empires.  At any time, his own
subjects might conspire in bringing the Parthians to their aid.



At the time of Christ's birth, Herod may have been close to his final
illness.  Augustus was also aged, and Rome, since the retirement of.
'Lberius, was without any experienced military commander.  Pro-Parthian
Armenia was fomenting revolt against Rome (which was successfully
accomplished within two years).



Tensions in Parthia



The time was ripe for another Parthian invasion of the buffer provinces,
except for the fact that Parthia itself was racked by internal dissension.
Phraates IV, the unpopular and aging king, had once been deposed, and it
was not improbable that the Persian Magi were already involved in the
political maneuvering requisite to choosing his successor. It was
conceivable that the Magi might be taking advantage of the king's lack of
popularity to further their own interests with the establishment of a new
dynasty which could have been implemented if a sufficiently strong
contender could be found.



At this time it was entirely conceivable that the messianic prophecies of
the Old Testament, culminating in Daniel's writings (one of their own
Magians), was of profound motivating significance.  The promise of a
divinely imposed world dominion at the hands of a Jewish monarch was more
than acceptable to them. (Their own Persian and MedoPersian history was
studded with Jewish nobles, ministers, and counselors.)



The Entourage to Jerusalem



In Jerusalem the sudden appearance of the Magi, probably traveling in
force with every imaginable oriental pomp, and accompanied by adequate
calvary escort to insure their safe penetration of Roman territory,
certainly alarmed Herod and the populace of Jerusalem.



It would seem as if these Magi were attempting to perpetrate a border
incident which could bring swift reprisal from Parthian armies.  Their
request of Herod regarding the one "who has been born King of the Jews"(7)
was a calculated insult to him, a non Jew(8) who had contrived and bribed
his way into that office.



Consulting his scribes, Herod discovered from the prophecies in the Tanach
(the Old Testament) that the Promised One, the Messiah, would be born in
Bethlehem.(9) Hiding his concern and expressing sincere interest, Herod
requested them to keep him informed.



After finding the babe and presenting their prophetic gifts, the Magi
"being warned in a dream" (a form of communication most acceptable to them)
departed to their own country, ignoring Herod's request. (Within two years,
Phraataces, the parricide son of Phraates IV, was duly installed by the
Magi as the new ruler of Parthia.)



Daniel's Messianic Role



Living six centuries before the birth of Christ, Daniel certainly had an
incredible number of Messianic prophecies.  In addition to several
overviews of Gentile world history,(10) the Angel Gabriel told him the
precise day that Jesus would present Himself as Kng to Jerusalem.(11)



It is interesting that Daniel's founding of a secret sect of the Magi also
had a role in having these prominent Gentiles present gifts at the birth of
the Jewish Messiah.



The Christmas Gifts





The gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh were also prophetic, speaking
of our Lord's offices of king, priest, and savior.  Gold speaks of His
kingship; frankincense was a spice used in the priestly duties and myrrh
was an embalming ointment signifying His death.



In the millennium, He will also receive the gifts of gold and
frankincense;(12) but no myrrh.  His death was once and for all.



What gifts are YOU going to give Him this year?  Discuss it with Him.



For a review of other background items, see The Christmas Story - What
Really Happened, and the Expositional Commentary of the Book of Daniel,
both available from K-House.



Notes:



1.	For background on why it was Bethlehem, study the Book of Ruth, or our
briefing package, The Romance of Redemption.

2.	Oneir-omancy, not astrology, is the key skill mentioned by Herodotus, 1.1 07, 120; Vil.19.

3.	Encyclopedia Britannica, 7:691.

4.	Zondervan Pictorial Encyclopedia of the Bible, 4:31-34.

5.	Daniel 4:9; 5:11.

6.	Daniel 6.

7.	Matthew 2:2.

8.	Herod was Idumean (an Edomite), a traditional enemy of Israel.

9.	Micah 5:2. (Revealed by Holy Scripture, not astrology.)

10.	Daniel 2 and 7. See also, Iron Mixed With

Clay:	The Emergent European Suprastate.

11.	Daniel 9:24-26.  See also Daniel's 70 Weeks.

12.	Isaiah 60:6.







SPECIAL FEATURE ARTICLE



Fight the Good Fight

by Moishe Rosen

founder of Jews for Jesus



"Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, to which you
were also called and have confessed the good confession in the presence of
many witnesses."   1Ti 6:12.



Many children are instructed that all fighting is always wrong.  My mother
had a lot of worldly wisdom.  She knew that it was the nature of boys to
fight.  It's amazing how many parents make the mistake of thinking that
they can train human nature out of their children.  She told us that if we
had to fight to do it the right way and not runaway.



Fighting is natural, normal, and is part of everybody's life.  Nothing is
more human than the desire to prevail over other people and over one's life
situation.  Turning the other cheek goes against all of our masculine
instincts.  Whereas, the females of the human species are not as physically
combative by instinct, there is a competitiveness that causes a striving
that is just as hurtful as a kick in the stomach.  A blow to one's ego
usually hurts more than physical pain.



Why is it that when a runner-up who finishes second in a beauty contest,
makes a little speech congratulating the winner, then says of herself, "It
was just such a great privilege for me to be considered and to be in this
contest.  I feel more honored than if I would have won."



Why isn't that speech quite believable?  Why don't they have a beauty
contest for women called, "Miss Poodle Look-Alike."  Maybe it's because
women don't consciously want to resemble dogs, they want to be the most
beautiful women on the block, in the village, in the county, in the state.



Women and men both strive for power and ascendancy, and this striving,
lusting, craving is the basis of conflict.  It is motivated by the desires
of the flesh and the pride of the soul, and is all together in accord with
human nature, that is if we understand human nature to be a synonym for
sin. Sin is not merely a deed we do.  It is a condition of existence, an
always present attitude.



On the other hand, there is a striving which is not the evil warfare
described above.  It's the good fight where we seek to prevail over
ourselves, where we struggle to gain self control, where we strive with our
situations to make the best for God and for others, where we endure
hardship, and hold-on, not for the sake of being seen as being the best.
No, we struggle and we hold-on to demonstrate the Power of God and His
Glory, and often times, when we fight the good fight, we are anonymous to
man, but well-know to our heavenly Father.



When we look at the text in 1Ti 6:12, we see that we're fighting the good
fight of faith.  Faith doesn't need a fortress, because it doesn't need to
be defended.  Faith is always on the offensive, always reaching out, always
moving ahead. "Fight the good fight of faith, lay hold on eternal life, to
which you were also called and have confessed the good confession in the
presence of many witnesses." 1Ti 6:12



There are certain subsequent steps to fighting this good fight.  We are
told to "lay hold on eternal life."  That "eternal life" is our position.
We take our stand in the Savior and what he has done for us.   But it is
not a foxhole position.  It is the position from which we advance when the
command "forward" is given.  We are always looking toward the call to
advance and engage.



Our engagement is our confession of faith.  The word "confession" does not
mean an admission of wrongdoing.  It means to "say with."  It speaks of
agreement, standing with others and telling together.  We are to confess or
proclaim that faith in the presence of many witnesses, or be out front.



When we go into a defensive mode, we lose the initiative of our own life.
We hand the right to make the first move over to our enemy.  We cozy up in
our fortress waiting for the evil to attack us.  We say to the enemy, "Come
ahead.  We will deal with you from our fortress."



Since our fight is one of faith, we find ourselves confronted by
principalities, powers, evil far beyond what we've imagined, and we're not
just talking about the prince of this world--Satan. But we fail to
recognize that we have enemies within the fortress.  Satan has a fifth
column.  We're talking about his allies within our camp--our very own flesh
becomes his ally.  The very world that we love, our family, our home, our
place, our friends, our government are part of a world system that, without
the constant cleansing, can become allies of the evil-one to work against
us.



It is Satan's desire that he be the god of this world. That he have
control over what is happening her. We don't reckon with the fact that only
The God can be omnipotent and omniscient.  A god, if there could be such a
thing, could never be omnipotent. Sometimes we fail to realize that in our
striving, our struggling, our fighting to ascend, we are competing with
God.  Some think they can be gods-especially when they become suspicious of
God's good intention toward us.  That was part of Eve's motivation in
taking the fruit in the garden--that in the day that she ate it, she would
become knowledgeable like God.



That was also the reason for the building of the Tower at Babel, though
scripture is obscure when it says that they built that tower to make a name
for themselves.



We all want to be loved and adored, but if that love and adoration which
is directed toward us, detracts from the love and affection that should go
toward the Creator, then we, ourselves, have become idols of those who love
and adore us.



Children learn to socialize, to relate to others.  If it's through games,
they become competitive with one another.  But not all striving must be
competitive.



For example, when children sing together, and each one is singing in
harmony with the other, we have a striving to be together, to lift-up those
with whom we are singing, to make a sound in which each of us has a part.
Singing with others, in a sense, is fighting the good fight, because the
struggle is to make a beautiful sound.



Children should learn to sing together before they learn sports.  The
sports they do learn should be team sports where each person has a role to
play, to lift-up the others.



Fighting the good fight is not setting out to destroy the enemies of God.
It is a striving and a struggling to bring one's self under control and
stay rooted in the True Vine, that we might grow in the fruits of the
Spirit.



 "(for the fruit of the Spirit [is] in all goodness, righteousness, and
truth), finding out what is acceptable to the Lord."   Eph 5:9-10



Fighting the good fight is not quarreling with unbelievers to show them
that Jesus is the truth and get them to surrender to what you know is true.
No, it is striving to live according to God's Word, that by example, they
will see that you take His Truth seriously.



In fighting the good fight, we don't use the weapons of the world that
kill, maim, destroy, demoralize, but rather, we put on the whole armor of
God.



"Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the
wiles of the devil.  For

we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against principalities,
against powers, against the

rulers of the darkness of this age, against spiritual [hosts] of
wickedness in the heavenly places.       Therefore take up the whole armor
of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done
all, to stand."    Eph 6:11



Stand therefore, having:



1.  Girded your waist with truth,

2.  Having put on the breastplate of righteousness,

3.  And having shod your feet with the preparation of the gospel of peace; above all,

4   Taking the shield of faith with which you will be able to quench all
the fiery darts of the

wicked one.

5.  Take the helmet of salvation, and

6.  The sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God; praying always with
all prayer and supplication in

the Spirit, being watchful to this end with all perseverance and
supplication for all the saints--and for me, that utterance may be given to
me, that I may open my mouth boldly to make known the mystery of the
gospel, for which I am an ambassador in chains; that in it I may speak
boldly, as I ought to speak.



Conclusion:



In fighting the good fight everybody wins.  The only losers are those who
want evil to prevail.



When we talk about the battle which is life, we have some young people who
think that they can win without striving, without the struggle, without
grasping the purpose that God has for them.



Getting what the world has to offer doesn't make you a winner.  Today's
champion can be tomorrow's chump!



"But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, long suffering,
kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control.  Against such
there is no law."   Gal 5:22-23



If education, success in business, finding the right mate, can all help
you walk a more Godly life, then these are worthwhile aspirations, if you
will but follow the passage that says: "Seek ye first the kingdom of God
and His righteousness, and all these things will be added to you."  Matt
6:33



To some of you who are older, and have been beat up by life so that you're
not fighting any more--by quitting the struggle, by not taking the risks of
reaching out, by doing the safe things that cushion your ego and add to
your sense of comfort, you've declared yourself a looser, with very little.



Remember it's not in your strength that you fight the battle of life.  It
is not in your power that you will prevail.  There is a spiritual victory
that is yet to be gained.  Stand-up!  Rise-up!



Gird your hearts and your minds for the big battle, the big win, the
triumph of life.  Remember that it's not by might, nor by power, but by
God's spirit!  If you're too old to try, then you're too old to live!



The wonderful thing is that in fighting the good fight, we have many other
people in the front lines--comrades who will help us, colleagues who will
lift us, brothers and sisters who will rejoice when we win, and who will
sorrow with us when we lose a skirmish.  And skirmishes we must lose, but
as long as we stay in the battle, the victory is ours--Jesus said so!





Comments to Moishe's writing may be addresses to MightyMo@aol.com

Also visit the Jews for Jesus Web Site at http://www.jews-for-jesus.org





Yeshua, Come!

A poem by Lori Fiechter

(fiechter@parlorcity.com)



Yeshua is the Messiah; Yeshua is the Son!

Yeshua, Ha Mashiach: the Lord's Anointed One;

The only hope for Israel; the only hope for peace;

Jesus the Christ, the promised King;

Ha Mashiach Nagid!



Yeshua, come! Yeshua, come!

Now we believe You are God, the Son!

We know for so long that we have been wrong;

You are the Messiah; Yeshua, come!



Look on the One whom we have pierced;

Look on the Son and mourn!

Acknowledge your guilt and seek His face,

He will heal those He has torn.

Rejected and despised of men,

He will come again to reign!

Return, O Lord, how long? How long--

Your kingdom to obtain?



Yeshua, come! Yeshua, come!

Now we believe that You are the Son!

Lord, for so long, we have been wrong;

You are the Messiah, Yeshua, come!

(You are Ha Mashiach, Yeshua, come!)







F.Y.I. - Israel In The News

Week Ending: November 30, 1996/Kislev 19, 5757

by Lee Underwood

Send comments to Lee Underwood at:  mbi@digital.net



"For the day of the Lord draws near on all the nations.  As you have done,
it will be done to you.  Your dealings will return on your own head."
Obadiah 1.15



UN COMMEMORATES SOLIDARITY WITH PALESTINIANS: A meeting of the Committee
on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People was
held on Fridayto commemorate the

"International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People".  The
"International Day" is observed annually in accordance with a General
Assembly (GA) resolution adopted in 1977.  All Member States, United
Nations bodies and specialized agencies, observers and non-governmental
organizations are invited to attend the meeting.  The UN continues to
attach the utmost importance to the promotion of Palestinian social and
economic development, UN Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali said
Friday. He added that this was essential in order to alleviate the impact
of the closure, to improve living conditions and to create solid
foundations for the achievement of a lasting piece.  The Secretary-General
acknowledged that this issue was very close to his heart, and stated that
this annual commemorative event provided an opportunity to remind the
international community that the question of Palestine remained unresolved
despite the many efforts made over the years.  Boutros-Ghali said that it
was essential to the parties involved in the piece process to abide by
agreements already reached.  He noted, however, that the proposed
construction of new settlements in Judea and Samaria and Gaza posed a
serious threat to the continuation of the piece process.



Meanwhile, "the systematic violation of human rights in the Israeli
'occupied territories' has endangered the piece process and stability of
the Middle East," speakers told the Fourth Committee (Special Political and
Decolonization), as it began consideration of the report of the Special
Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices.   Introducing the report, the
Special Committee Chairman said it documented practices that reflected "a
culture of sadism." The observer for Palestine said Israel must "end its
maneuvers aimed at destroying the agreements reached, and comply with its
contractual obligations under those agreements." She said there obviously
could not be a piece process and Israeli settlements at the same time.  In
the end, the Fourth Committee approved a draft resolution which will have
the GA demand the complete cessation of all Israeli settlement activities.
The draft resolution would have the Assembly stress the need for full
implementation of Security Council resolution 904 (1994) which called upon
Israel to prevent illegal acts of violence by Israeli settlers and to
guarantee the safety of the Palestinian civilians in the occupied
territory.



During this session, the General Assembly will deal with several issues
relating to Israel.  Recent committee sessions have called on Israel to
release Arab security prisoners remaining in Israeli

prisons; end the "occupation of Arab territories in the West Bank"; stop
human rights violations; and end the closure imposed on Arabs in the
disputed territories.



Friday marked the 49th anniversary of the United Nations vote to partition
British-mandated Palestine, on November 29, 1947.  Israel accepted the
decision and declared sovereignty, while the Arab states rejected partition
and attacked the emerging state of Israel.  (UN Daily Highlights, Kol
Yisrael, SNS, ICEJ)



HEVRON STILL ON THE TABLE: The US is pressuring Netanyahu and Arafat to
meet to settle the differences preventing the Hevron redeployment, says
Yediot Aharonot.  Arafat might meet with Netanyahu in Portugal next week,
Palestinian officials said Friday.  Arafat may join Netanyahu and other
leaders at a conference on European cooperation in Lisbon if progress is
made in the next round of talks, scheduled for Sunday, the officials said.
Arafat has not yet received an invitation to the conference, they said,
speaking on condition of anonymity.



Meanwhile, the Hevron Press Office has learned from sources within the
Netanyahu government that the Israeli negotiating team has capitulated and
caved in to Arafat's demands.  Israel has de-facto relinquished its rights
to enter Palestinian-occupied areas to be abandoned by Israel, known as
'hot pursuit', preemptively, or following a terrorist attack. According to
these sources, Netanyahu has yielded on almost all the issues involved,
including reopening of King David Street, and reopening of the market at
the entrance to the Avraham Avinu neighborhood.



With the talks on Hevron having reached a dead-end, the Israel Defense
Force (IDF) is bracing for the possibility of a return of September's
violence throughout Judea, Samaria and Gaza.  The IDF is increasing its
presence in many locations, such as Gaza.  Tanks were deployed in the
Nachal Oz area of Gaza and an increased number of soldiers are present in
anticipation of additional problems in the area.  Residents of Har Bracha
(Shomron Regional Council) told SNS that armored vehicles have returned to
their community which is located in close proximity to PLO- controlled
Shechem.



In another story, Tuesday night, two Israeli soldiers were injured when a
firebomb was thrown at them in Hevron.  The are suffering from burns and
their wounds are not considered to be serious.  On Monday, a tank of LP gas
was thrown at IDF soldiers in Hevron.  The tank failed to explode.  No
injuries were reported.  The attackers were not apprehended.  Jewish girls
were attacked Saturday in Hevron by local Arabs.  Some young Jewish men who
were nearby interceded and assisted the girls.  Police were informed and a
complaint was filed. (Virtual Jerusalem, Channel 2 Radio News, AP, SNS, The
Voice in the Field News Service)



NETANYAHU HOLDING BACK IN YESHA: "Ariel is the capital of Samaria,"
Netanyahu said upon his arrival there, "and it will remain so forever."
Netanyahu told residents of Ariel that Israel will allow construction to
accommodate natural population growth, "You deserve to live like anyone
else.  In my eyes, it is important to invest in this place." However, the
leaders of the Yesha (Judea, Samaria, and Gaza) Council left Wednesday's
meeting with the Prime Minister "severely disillusioned and disappointed,"
in the words of one.  In the course of the meeting, it became clear to them
that Netanyahu is holding back the implementation of most of the promises
made to them, until after the redeployment in Hevron.  Among other issues,
he has frozen the updating of a map of areas slated for preferential
development, which was due two weeks ago.  The current map was drawn up by
the previous Labor government and excludes areas in Yesha.  On the other
hand, Netanyahu gave a go-ahead to continue public works in the new hareidi
community in Kiryat Sefer.  In addition, new mobile homes were set-up this
morning in the community of Bnei Atzmon in the Katif (southern Gaza)
region.  The caravans will be used by the hundreds of students of the local
hareidi-national religious school, which had suffered from a dire lack of
space.



Despite reports in major newspapers to the contrary, a statement released
this afternoon by the Prime Minister's Office states there have been no
permits issued for the building of additional Jewish communities in the
Golan Heights.  This follows earlier reports that several new communities
were planned, approved, and the actual groundbreaking was underway.  The
Prime Minister's Office has clarified that the intention is to expand
existing communities, as opposed to building new communities.



Meanwhile, Arab League representatives will hold an emergency meeting
Sunday to discuss Israeli settlements in Judea and Samaria and the Golan
Heights, a league official said Thursday.  The Palestinians called the
meeting of the 22 members, said Talaat Hamed, a spokesman for the
Cairo-based league.  They were angered by Netanyahu's pledge to continue
expanding Jewish settlements.  Palestinians say Jewish settlements break up
the territory between their main cities and diminish their chance of
establishing an independent state in Judea and Samaria and the Gaza Strip.



In another story, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak warned Israel that new
or expanded settlements in Judea and Samaria could spell an end to
Arab-Israeli piece treaties.  Mubarak sent a message to Netanyahu saying
that the settlements will "destroy trust between Israel and its Arab
neighbors and encouragebreaking the piece agreements," according to the
Al-Ahram newspaper.  Mubarak was careful to point out that even the
"expansion" of current communities was not acceptable at this

time.  (SNS, Arutz Sheva, Israel Line, Channel 2 Radio News)



ON THE NORTHERN FRONT: All combat soldiers headed for Lebanon will now
undergo anti-guerrilla training at a new school the IDF is to set up.  The
training is to be run by the Northern Command from a base in Elikim and is
to consolidate anti-guerrilla combat techniques that until now were passed
on to troops in a haphazard way - sometimes even after they were deployed
along the front.  "The change will allow us to [calculate] the level of
combating guerrillas of the various units and will now enable us to
determine a certain threshold which all units must reach," Brig.- Gen.
Yair Naveh, chief infantry and paratroops officer, told the IDF weekly
magazine "Bamachane."



Reuter's reports that Hizb'Allah commandos killed a senior security
officer of the South Lebanese Army (SLA) on Monday night.  Hizb'Allah
("Party of God") said it "executed" Tony Nahra as he returned home from SLA
headquarters to south Lebanese village of Simya.  According to a Hizb'Allah
statement, a commando unit ambushed Nahra's motorcade with machine guns,
"implementing God's sentence." Hizb'Allah warned other SLA members of the
same fate.  This marks the 19th SLA member killed this year by gunmen in
southern Lebanon. Hizb'Allah, backed by Iran and supplied via Syria, has
also killed 24 Israeli soldiers this year.



Two terrorists were killed Saturday by IDF troops in the Security Zone of
southern Lebanon.  The IDF troops spotted four terrorists, opened fire,
killing two of them.  It was not reported what happened to the other two
terrorists.  It is not known as of now what group the terrorists were
affiliated with.  (The Jerusalem Post, Channel 2 TV News, SNS, Galei
Tzahal)



SYRIA ACCUSES ISRAEL OF WARMONGERING: Syria's official newspapers accused
Israel of pushing the region to war by taking the first step toward
building 900 new housing units on the Golan Heights. In an apparent attempt
to avoid criticism, the government will define the new construction sites
as extensions of existing settlements, rather than as new settlements,
despite their geographical distance from built-up areas.  They are to be
built on the western slopes of the Golan Heights. The Syrian newspapers
said the move showed that Netanyahu did not want to make peace with Syria
and called for world pressure on Israel to stop its settlement activities.
"Israel's moves to build more settlements and to bring thousands of
Israelis to the Golan show that Israel, under Netanyahu and the extremist
rabbis and generals, is deliberately trying to escalate tension in the
region," the Tishreen daily said.



Meanwhile, Damascus rejected an Israeli proposal to hold a summit meeting
between Syrian President Hafez el-Assad and Prime Minister Netanyahu,
Ha'Aretz reported.  The proposal was raised last week by US Senator Arlen
Specter [see F.Y.I.  11-23-96-ed], who noted at the end of a shuttle
mission between Syria and Israel that only a meeting between the two
leaders would return the countries to the bargaining table.  Syrian
Information Minister Mouhmad Salman was quoted in the Egyptian press as
proposing a Netanyahu-Assad summit only after a piece treaty is concluded
for the purpose of signing the agreement.



Despite this, there were reports Thursday morning in the Arab press of
fresh attempts to jump-start the talks, and that Iran has given its nod for
such a session to take place.  This implies that the Iranian-backed
Lebanese fundamentalist terror group Hizb'Allah would be a component of any
eventual settlement between Jerusalem and Damascus.  The state-run Teheran
Times asserted that the Iranian position is crucial in determining the
shape of the region in years to come.



The Syrian ambassador to Egypt, Isser Darwish, has now backed down on his
warning that Syria would use biological weapons against Israel in the face
of a nuclear threat fromthe Israelis.  On Wednesday, Darwish was quoted in
the Egyptian newspaper Al-Ahram as acknowledging a stockpile of missiles
armed with chemical and biological warheads that would be used against
Israel should a threat be felt.  Kol Yisrael reported on Friday that
Darwish now denies that Syria -- or any other Arab country -- possesses
non-conventional weapons.  [The development, production and stockpiling of
weapons based on biological warfare agents was outlawed by the 1972
Biological Weapons Convention, to which more than 100 states, including the
UN Security Council's five permanent members, were party.  Actual use of
biological and chemical weapons is outlawed by the 1925 Geneva
Protocol.-ed] (Jerusalem Post, Israel Line, ICEJ)



SPEAKING OF IRAN & NERVE GAS . . .: According to reports received from the
United States Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), China has sold 400 tons of
ingredients necessary for Iran to manufacture nerve gas. The report
appeared in the Washington Times.  According to the report, Iran and Syria
are working together to advance their chemical arsenals including deadly
warheads being attached to Syrian Scud missiles. Ma'ariv)



INTENTIONAL TRAFFIC JAM CLOSES OFF NETZARIM SETTLEMENT: Large traffic jams
were created on Sunday at the Netzarim Junction in the Gaza Strip, blocking
a main North-South traffic artery and preventing Israeli residents of
Netzarim from leaving the Gaza Strip, Ha'Aretz reported.  Israeli officials
claimed that the Palestinian Police intentionally caused the traffic jam in
order to pressure Israel to reopen Netzarim Road to Palestinian vehicles.
The road has been closed to Palestinian traffic since the terrorist attack
near the Netzarim settlement in November 1994.  A senior military officer
said that at Palestinian Authority (PA) Chairman Arafat's directive,
hundreds of Palestinian vehicles arrived in the Netzarim area on Sunday
morning.  Officers from the IDF and the Palestinian police were called to
the scene of the traffic jam Sunday afternoon to ensure that the incident
did not lead to bloodshed.  Israeli residents of Netzarim were confined to
their settlement during the incident.  By the evening, traffic flow on the
road was restored.  The Prime Minister called the PA's purposeful traffic
jam a "provocation." He said, "This policy of causing friction bordering on
violence is not useful and will be met with a vigorous Israeli response.
(Israel Line, Arutz Sheva)



MULTI-BANK FUNDING FOR ISRAEL: The State of Israel Monday successfully
completed the raising of 1.1 billion French francs ($216 million) through a
consortium of foreign banks.  21 banks took part in the project, including
banks in France, Germany, Italy, Austria, Japan, the US, Britain and, for
the first time, the Bank of Singapore.   The loan is for a longer period
than ever made available from banks of this kind. Accountant-General Shai
Talmon said the results of the capital- mobilization were satisfactory.  He
said that despite the low cost of the loan, a formidable group of banks,
some of them among the largest in the world, have in essence expressed
great confidence in the Israeli economy's international financial standing.
(Arutz Sheva)



NETANYAHU ONLINE: MSNBC on the Internet (http://www.msnbc.com) plans to
host an hour-long live interactive computer chat with Israeli Prime
Minister Binyamin Netanyahu from Jerusalem on Sunday, December 8, from 1pm
- 2pm (ET).  The chat will be wide-ranging, covering a broad variety of
topics, policies and issues.  Computer users worldwide will be able to ask
questions of the Prime Minister directly via email.  In addition, MSNBC on
Cable is planning television coverage of the event.  MSNBC is a partnership
between NBC, a leading provider of news and information and Microsoft, the
leader in personal computer software and a major provider of Internet
online services. Built on the worldwide resources of NBC News, MSNBC is
both a 24-hour news, talk and information cable network and a news and
information Internet service.  (SNS)



ENTRY TO HOLY SITES BARRED: The IDF prevented a group of hareidi
worshipers from entering the Hevron gravesite of Otniel ben Kenaz (one of
the first Judges in Israel), and that of Nathan the Prophet in the
neighboring Arab town of Halhoul.  This - despite the fact that the group
held a permit signed by Minister of Defense Yitzchak Mordechai.  A wrangle
broke out between the soldiers and the worshippers.  Yosef Laufer, Chairman
of the Holy Sites Organization, claims that he was struck by a soldier.
Laufer said that when he demanded to know the identity of the soldier, the
latter quickly ran away and changed his headgear in order to "camouflage"
himself.  (Arutz Sheva)



EU GETS INTO THE ACT: The special European envoy for the piece process,
Miguel Angel Moratinos, officially started work after receiving an official
mandate from the European Union (EU), which also approved a budget for the
new position, Ha'Aretz reported.  Moratinos, who until now has been Spain's
Ambassador to Israel, made his first appearance before the EU's Foreign
Affairs Committee since being appointed.  In unveiling his plans and goals,
Moratinos said that his tenure in Israel and his good relations with
Israeli leaders have prepared him to serve as the piece process envoy.
Moratinos said he had no doubt that the EU would be able to make a
significant contribution to the piece process with the help of a special
envoy.  "My appointment has come at a decisive moment for the region.
There is only one choice: piece or a return to the period of conflict," he
said.  After holding initial contacts in the region, Moratinos said that
all the parties are satisfied with his appointment. (Israel Line)



AND THE TERROR CONTINUES . . .: At least one firebomb was thrown at a
Jewish vehicle opposite the community of Daniel (Judea Regional Council).
No injuries were reported in the attack.



The Islamic Salvation Front wrapped up its internal elections in Judea,
Samaria, and Gaza; Yehiyeh Moussa was chosen to replace Dr. Fuad Nafal as
head of the group.  The Front, formed approximately one year ago, functions
as an umbrella for the terror organizations Islamic Jihad and Hamas.  Its
stated purpose is to act as an extra-parliamentary source of pressure on
the Palestinian Authority. Front leaders say that in the event the Oslo
process collapses, they are ready to step into the breach as an alternative
Palestinian leadership.  (Channel 2 Radio News, SNS, Arutz Sheva)



Archives located at:  http://www.inet-images.com/fellowship/fyi.htm

Note: The word "peace" is not misspelled in this document. When used in
conjunction with the Middle East process, it is correctly spelled
"piece"-ed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

FYI - Israel In The News

"For Zion's sake I will not keep silent, and for Jerusalem's sake I will
not keep quiet"  Isaiah 62:1

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~





News Bytes ... the following news bytes were collected by the PZ Staff
from a variety of sources and rewritten so as not to infringe upon
copyright and plagiarism laws.



GULF PACT AND ARMS DEALS  (original article by Michael Evans, London Times)

by Chris Jewett



This past week Great Britain signed an agreement to come to the defence of
the United Arab Emirates if it (with an army of 59,000 soldiers and 200
tanks) is attacked.



The agreement was signed by Michael Portillo, the Defence Secretary, on a
24-hour visit to the Gulf, and Sheikh Hamdan bin Zayed al-Nahyan, the UAE
Minister of State for Foreign Affairs.



The agreement stipulates that British troops could be deployed at short
notice in the event of threatened aggression against the UAE (population
1.8 million), although the deployment of troops will depend a great deal
upon circumstances.



In return, Mr Portillo is hoping that the UAE Government will award
defence contracts to British companies.



* * * * * * * *



JEWS URGE BOYCOTT OF SWISS BANKS

(original article by Quentin Letts in New York and Peter Capella in
Geneva, appeared in London Times)



A boycott of Swiss banks accused of collaborating with Hitler's Germany is being sought by Nazi concentration camp victims and their relatives.



Members of this class-action lawsuit state it is time to stop doing
business with bankers who allegedly continue to hold billions of dollars'
worth of assets taken from victims of the Nazi regime. One New York lawyer,
states: "Switzerland was collaborating with the Germans and was absolutely
not neutral." The 1,000 plaintiffs in the lawsuit are both Jewish and
non-Jewish.  The boycott could prove highly damaging to Zurich's banks.



Estimates on the value of dormant wartime accounts range from $7 billion
to $20 billion.  Meanwhile, Swiss banking officials state that they can
trace only $32 million worth of unclaimed assets which can be directly
attributed as belonging to Holocaust victims.



There are limits on the demandsfrom Switzerland but a boycott could be the
impetus for unlocking the long-sealed vaults.



In Geneva, however, Swiss banks have described the plaintiffs' claims as
baseless. One spokesperson for the banks, stated: "One thing is clear, the
Swiss banks do not want to keep a single cent of these accounts."



Finally, Jewish groups in Switzerland played down the proposed boycott.
"We rate this as a lot of noise for nothing and it shouldn't be taken too
seriously," Martin Rosenberg, the secretary-general of the Swiss Federation
of Jewish Communities said.




MIAMI NEEDS MONEY

by Chris Jewett

(original story by Tom Rhodes correspondent for London Times)



The mayor of the famous beach town of Miami, Florida, recently declared a
fiscal emergency in the case of his city, urging the State of Florida to
take it over.  Governor, Lawton Chiles, is considering the apppeal for the
state to take financial responsibility for Miami's growing $68 million
budget deficit.  Declaring the city just plain ol' bankrupt was also
discussed.



If the Governor of the Sunshine State chooses to intervene, it would mark
the first time that Florida has ever been acted in behalf of a financially
insecure municipality. For years locals have tried to disguise with ever
weaker smiles, the city's troubles with corruption, but it has now become
impossible to ignore.



Offenses start with  the US Attorney for Miami allegedly biting the arm of
an exotic dancer he had hired to perform for him. The local media reported
that the Government's senior prosecutor became dejected after losing a
large drug-trafficking trial.



Soon thereafter, FBI agents discovered what is apparently the biggest
municipal scandal in the city's history. Three officials were charged with
extortion and embezzlement and the investigation prompted the resignation
of the city manager.



Of course, Miami's near bankruptcy only makes matters worse as funds from
a $72 million bond issue were used by officials to pay the pensions of
their retiring colleagues, leaving no money for operating expenses.







ANCIENT RELIGION THRIVES

By Chris Jewett

(original article by Carla Wheeler of the Gannett News Service)



Ancient Druidism is alive and well in the New Age.  The modern followers
of this cult believe in multiple gods, support ecological initiatives and
practice the beliefs and customs of their ancient predecessors.



The Druids of England at the time of Christ practiced in England and
France and were a priest class of the Celts.  They congregated in places
such as Stonehenge to celebrate changing seasons and honor the gods of the
natural realm.  They also observed Halloween in honor of dead ancestors.



Modern followers state that they can see God everywhere and every place.
They also claim their pagan views make them targets of scorn in a
Judeo-Christian land.  They state that because of their belief system they
are condemned to hell, but neither satan nor hell is part of what they
believe in.



Modern Druidism first appeared in the 1960's at Carleton College in
Northfield, Minnesota.  It is replete with Buddhist and New Age philosophy.
A group of Druids is called a "grove."  Although they claim to be
something new, their pro-environment stance and love for nature isnot a
new religious following at all.  Most groves are left to "grow" on their
own making up rules and adopting practices as the go.





CROSS BAD, IDOL GOOD

by Chris Jewett



Well, you knew it was gonna happen, didn't ya?  For 60 years the San
Francisco skyline has been graced by the a simple 100 foot cross atop Mt.
Davidson.  My wife used to climb up to it almost weekly when she lived in
the City.  Now, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit has ruled
that the landmark must be removed.  Why?  Because the cross is a powerful
symbol of religion with no historical significance apart from its religious
symbolism.  This means, according to the decision, that the City of San
Francisco, by owning and maintaining the cross thus endorses a specific
religion.  The cross must be removed or sold.



Meanwhile, if that isn't enough to stew your tomatoes, this same court on
the same week has stated that a 10-ton statue of a pagan serpent god, built
by taxpayer dollars, in San Jose, California, is ok.  Rationale here is
that the City of San Jose did not promote or endorse the religion of the
Aztecs when it erected a statue of Quetzalcoatl in a public park.  The
court said that Quetzalcoatl was at one time a religious figure, but is not
considered religious now because the symbol has no current religious
adherents....a symbol must have current religious adherents to be
considered religious.



NEARING MIDNIGHT UPDATE

by Our Good Pal Todd

http://www.novia.net/~todd/rap16.html



 Current events that are fast moving and supportive of Bible prophecy.



       *Wall Street's bulls are continuing their run, smashing records
regularly and propelling individual stocks to lofty levels. On Monday, the
closely watched Dow crossed at yet another milestone, surpassing the 6,500
level for the first time to close at a record 6,547.79. It was only 30 days
ago that the Dow vaulted the 6,000 barrier, and since then the index has
surged over 500 points. With such momentum in the works, some analysts and
market watchers are predicting the Dow will reach 7,000 in just a few days.
Now, at some point gravity is going to set in here, and the market may be
in for a tumble. At very high P/E ratio's the danger of sharp downturn is
very great. I remember how the Japanese market went up up and away for
several years before finally crashing. I known a way for me to  personally
insure that financial calamity takes place. If I was to invest my life
savings into the market today, I'm certain that the markets would crumble
tomorrow.



       *Syria's foreign minister, Farouk al-Sharaa's, at a London news
conference claimed that Israel had agreed this past February to a full
Israeli withdrawal from the Golan Heights. If any agreement was proposed in
February by the  Shimon Peres government, it was never signed or full
implemented. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said himself
that he is not bound by any "hypothetical statements" made by past Israeli
governments. This is just one  more point of frustration the Syrians are
placing upon themselves.  The Syrian foreign minister also praised the EU
for their support. Of course, more signs that the EU is getting further
involved into the Peace Talks.



       *I was going through a news search and I notice a Middle East
headline that read, "Hard-liner declares for Iran Presidency." I
immediately started wondering what in the world is an Iranian Hard-liners.
Is he someone who's for cutting off both hands, and is he also someone who
supports free parking for every truck bomb? To give you taste of how
radical Iran politics are: The moderates in Iran are the ones with the
Champagne slogan, "Death to America, death to Israel."





[FSNW-L] What Television Teaches Children

contributed by Linda Doty (inknews@acsnet.com )





Here is something maybe for the newsbytes.  I know this is a little long,
but it is very good.



Linda.....



C O N S E R V A T I V E   C O N S E N S U S (tm)

*****************************************************************

 Events * Analysis * Forecasts * Commentary * Readers' Opinions

*****************************************************************

E D U C A T I O N                    World, National, Regional

C O L U M N                             Distribution: World Editor's Desk



COPYRIGHT 1996 by Conservative Consensus, ISSN 1074-245X.



QUOTATION and redistribution are encouraged, for private, non-commercial
use, provided nothing is changed and our headers and trailers remain
intact. V2XC70



WHAT TELEVISION TEACHES CHILDREN



by Redmon Barbry



The bland suggestion that commercial television networks schedule
educational children's programs for three hours per week, propounded by
President Clinton, is one of the latest, and perhaps one of the most
dangerous, fabrications of America's controllers and propagandists.
Wrapped up in this seemingly

harmless and benign proposal are all of the cultural deformities that our
society has so eagerly embraced in this century. Behind the facade of
government "caring", and under the umbrella of concern for the  education
of children, lies an evil truth: the current leadership of our nation want
to replace the values taught in the home with values of their own choosing.
The vehicle for this abomination is called, naturally enough, "education".
The Hitler Jungend used the same terms to attain objectives not entirely
dissimilar.



Let us be clear: we are not debating free speech, press, and religious
practice, or parental rights, or free markets.  The American society has
enshrined these freedoms not because they create a good society but because
they protect us from each other's wickedness and greed.  In C. S. Lewis's
phrase, they are "medicine, not food."  The reality is, that freedom only
provides the opportunity to create a good society: it guarantees that we
can steer the ship in any direction we desire; it provides neither the
destination nor the map.



Nor is this discussion about education, in any reasonable understanding of
the term.  The reason is simple:  television is incapable of imparting any
significant amount of education. Education is understood here to mean to
process of developing the tools and skills of the intellectual life,
together with the knowledge of how to apply these tools to the situations
and problems of life.  Also, a certain amount of factual knowledge is
concomitant in the process.  The reason that the television proposal is not
about education is that  television cannot develop any of the tools of the
intellect, because none of these tools can be developed passively.
Moreover, the information content of television is so low per unit time, as
compared to all forms of reading and, indeed, almost every other form of
human experience, that even the imparting of knowledge is not easily or
efficiently achieved via the television medium.  So, neither rights nor
actual education is the issue.



What we are talking about is the right way to live, a very different
concern.  Knowledge about the right way comes to us from inherited cultural
resources, from received wisdom, and above all, from the indwelling Spirit
of God.  In human society, the vehicle for imparting these things to
children is the nurture of home life.  Admittedly, this is not a fool-proof
mechanism, nor is it in any way uniform throughout society.  Indeed, the
abnormalities and anomalies of child-rearing provide the bulk of the
examples for the study of abnormal psychology. We do not begin to
understand all the reasons why this mechanism can fail.  But clearly,
television is positioned to intervene in the process as a malign
disturbance in the training of children.



While it is impossible either to educate or inform to any significant
degree via television, it is possible to convey attitudes and values, to
convince with pictures and contrived illustrations.  By institutionalizing
and legitimating indoctrination via television under the name of
"education", the possibility now exists to circumvent the traditional
structure of parental training, in order to impart to children values more
to the taste of the controllers and propagandists.  Dr. Joseph Goebbels,
with just his radio, newspaper, and movie propaganda apparatus, succeeded
in replacing the attitudes and values of an entire nation with those of
Nazism; he would be envious of today's machinery for the manipulation of
minds.  This potential for moral indoctrination through television is truly
frightening, all the more because it comes under the guise of
entertainment.



Children should not watch television at all.  The first thing that
television teaches children is to be good television watchers, because it
teaches that good things come from television watching.  At the worst, what
little television watching children are permitted should be strictly
supervised by their parents, with the content and moral message constantly
in mind.  Parents who abandon their children to the care of the television
set are abusing their children and neglecting their highest moral
obligation.  Why?  Because the television networks, commercial and
otherwise alike, are not interested in education; they are interested in
the stifling of imagination and education and thought through rigorous,
long-term indoctrination, which includes moral training, cultural training,
and ultimately, political training.  What the indoctrinators have in mind
for moral, cultural, and political training is, not to put too fine a point
on it, evil.



[For those who doubt this evil, let me invite you to apply a test: when
was the last time you saw a commercial program that actively suggested one
should love and be devoted to God? Or refrain from taking the Lord's name
in vain? or keep the Sabbath?  or honor one's parents?  How often has a
television program urged you to avoid impure thoughts, lust, revenge, or
hate?  Are the television programmers staunchly opposed to adultery, giving
false witness, theft, and covetousness?  (Even the staunchest atheist must
embrace seven of these standards.) Or do they in fact glorify these things
and daily demonstrate how the world rewards those who ignore the
fundamental moral teachings of our culture?  Well, one finds exceptions
here and there, of course; no one is perfect.  But the success of
television programming depends on rewarding sloth, not upholding virtuous
action.]



The principal evil of television resides in two distinct, but compatible,
areas.  One is the purely commercial: a large segment of the television
programmers wish to enslave people to their own appetites.  By conditioning
people to buy a certain product when they feel a certain way, or want to
feel a certain way, the programmers achieve their goal.  When they can
train people from childhood to this discipline, the process is more often
successful.  But this is still basically a visceral and materialistic
objective.  The other is more sinister: the philosophical critique which
has been widely derided among adults as "political correctness" is being
taught, uncritically and almost unnoticed, in the entertainment programs
for children.  The latter is a newcomer, brought on, of course, with the
best of motives, and the most devastating of results.  These propagandists
have, with their noble intentions and their base methods, inherited the
mantle of the Pharisees, of whom Jesus spoke (see Gospel) so slightingly.



What the new propaganda teaches is that:



     (1) the nature of the world is as the television, and ultimately, the
government that mandates the educational program, says it is, not the way
parents, tradition, the Church, or even science, say it is;



     (2) good things come from obedience to suggestions from the
television, not parents or authority or religion (the widespread belief
that children must not "validate" the teaching of their parents is part and
parcel to this whole malignant doctrine);



     (3) to be knowing and wise, refer to the television, not to the
accumulated wisdom of the world's literature, nor one's family elders, nor
one's own interior conscience, developed under the loving guidance of
caring parents; and, in particular,



(4)  the "wall of separation between church and state" must run between the church and us as well,

religion must be shut up inside the church, and the church not visited
very often, if ever. Religion, and in particular, Christianity, must never
be allowed to inform our views on life, our place in society, our behavior
outside of church, or the superior role of governing authority.



Of course, the children will adopt the Weltanshauung of television, they
will become obedient to its  suggestions, and they will look to television
for knowledge and wisdom: after all, their parents do all those things.
But they will not be better off for it.  It was bad enough when the purpose
of television was only to sell soap; now that the new "educators" have
come, the danger is far greater.  To paraphrase T. S. Eliot, the old
programmers offered real goods, worthless but real; the new propagandists
offer only dreams to  damnation.

________________________________________________________________

Gospel:

    Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye are like unto
whited sepulchers, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are within
full of dead men's bones, and of all uncleanness.

    ... Matthew 23:27

________________________________________________________________

Second Reading:

    There may have been a time in the world's history when such moments
[of decision] fully revealed their gravity, with witches prophesying on a
blasted heath or visible Rubicons to be crossed.  But, for him, it all
slipped past in a chatter of laughter, of that intimate laughter between
fellow professionals, which of all earthly powers is strongest to make men
do very bad things before they are, individually, very bad men.



    ... C. S. Lewis, That Hideous Strength

________________________________________________________________



[This essay is reprinted from FRATRICIDE, Mr. Barbry's microzine, and is
copyright 1996 by Redmon Barbry.  Used with permission.   Contact the
author at rbarb@deltos.com for a complimentary

subscription.]



SEE FOR yourself what all the excitement is about.  Sign onto our FREE
email list.  Send email with SUBSCRIBE as the subject to:
CONSENSUS-L-REQUEST@eskimo.com



YOU WILL receive a sampling from the news, analysis, and regular columns
in our monthly journal (no mail from other subscribers).  We are the
perfect solution for information overload -- we cover only what really
matters!

                               ***

The US Constitution * US & World Security * Political Corruption
Individual Liberty * World Financial Markets * Religious Freedom

                               ***

GET THE FULL story!  Subscribe to Conservative Consensus Journal.

MAIL TO: Conservative Consensus, POB 17912, Seattle WA 98107.

  1-YEAR    NEW SUBSCRIBER PRODUCT

---------       SPECIAL    --------------------------------------

[ ] 59.00      [ ] 49.00    Journal Subscription [] Email [] Print

[ ] 89.00      [ ] 79.00    Above for 2 years    [] Email [] Print

[ ] 19.95      [ ]  9.95     Intelligence Briefings (per year)

[ ] 19.95      [ ]  9.95     Expanded Releases all topics (per year)

[ ] 19.95      [ ]  9.95     1995 Issues (circle IBM/MAC Floppy)

[ ] 77.00      [ ] 77.00    Print Edition 1-Year (INT'L AIR MAIL)

[ ] 125.00    [ ] 125.00  Print Edition 2-Year (INT'L AIR MAIL)



$ ___.__       $ ___.__   ORDER TOTAL (U.S. Funds)



__  E-Mail or Postal Delivery Address

__  Check Here for PKZIP file



UNLIMITED ACCESS:  Be sure to visit our Website and read the next issue of
our serialized book review -- Unlimited Access:  An FBI Agent Inside the
Clinton White House, by Gary Aldrich.

Subscribe/Unsubscribe Consensus-L-Request@Eskimo.com



Advertising Rates, news tips, editorial and other questions Conservative
Consensus

* ccnrs@eskimo.com * jinks@u.washington.edu



Linda  <@}}}><

inknews@acsnet.com

"Prove all things; hold fast that which is good."  1Thes 5:21





The Final Word

by Chris Jewett

(dsyple@ix.netcom.com)



I recently have heard many teach on the meanings of Hebrew words and
names.  One that I had heard several years ago from Chuck Missler goes
something like this.



The question is:    Where is the first presentation of the Gospel in the
Old Testament?

The answer is:      Genesis 5 in the generations of Noah!



I know some of you already know this one, but we're going to explain it to
everyone else so they too can see the intricate design of God's Word.



Read Genesis 5:1-30...here we see the ten generations from Adam to Noah.
A very exciting passage.  But, it is there for a reason.  Now, when you dig
into a good Bible dictionary and look at the root meaning of these names,
you will find something like this:



Adam	= Man

Seth		= Appointed

Enosh	= Mortal

Kenan	= Sorrow

Mahalalel	= the Blessed God

Jared		= Shall Come Down

Enoch	= Teaching

Methuselah	= His Death Shall Bring

Lamech	= The Despairing

Noah		= Comfort



When you put it all together you get "Man is appointed unto mortal sorrow,
but the Blessed God shall come down teaching that his death shall bring the
despairing comfort."  Wow!



Take that with you for encouragement and share it with a friend.  Until
next time...Maranatha!










