Prophe-Zine, Issue # 12
Feb 1, 1996

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 12
David M. Williams..... Pre-Millennial Eschatology.
Dr. Carl McIntire..........One World Worship
Todd Strandberg... The Antichrist...Have you seen this man?
William Bonville....What is Outcome Based Education (OBE)
Martha Snell Nicholson..."If Christ Should Come Tonight"
Prophe-Zine News Bites..... Assorted Authors and News Services
Prophe-Zine's Cool World Wide Web Sites

Special Thanks to: David Williams. David is a Bible teacher in Australia
and currently studying for my Masters in Theology. I want to thank him for
his GREAT articles that he has written for Prophe-Zine. Also I want to
thank him for helping me make PZ a international newsletter.

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on the
1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet. You can also get back issues at Prophe-Zine's web site.
Address: http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in

 Matthew 28:19:
                  "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

In His service,

Ray Gano

The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine
Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1996 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from the
author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, MacDraw Pro, Color-It, JPEGview, Popcorn, OnLine Bible
KJV 2.1, plus any other freeware that I can get my hands on to fill up the
hard drive and use up even MORE RAM

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

**********************************
Welcome to Issue #12

Hello all,

Thanks for downloading the newest issue of Prophe-Zine. In this months
issue I am looking at a little bit of everything and not focusing on just
one topic. I though that I would break it up a bit.

We at PZ are coming up on our one year birthday (March 15th) and I would
like to ask a special request from you, the readers. I want to hear your
testimony regarding Prophe-Zine. Has PZ effected you in any way? Has PZ
helped you in your ministry? How about leading people to the Lord using PZ?
I want to put these letters of testimony in the one year anniversary issue.
It would encourage other Christians and show that PZ is producing the good
fruits of the Spirit. So if you can help me out on this, please do. I want
to hear all of your testimonies, no testimony is to small or unimportant. I
get letters for many of you stating that you would love to write for PZ ,
but do not have the ability to write the heavy duty articles that often
appear in PZ. Well now is your chance to shine. I really need your
testimonies. Just think, it might be your words and experiences that you
share with the rest of us that could change a persons life. So whip out
those pens and put those fingers to the keyboards.

In His service,
Ray
Sr. Editor
Prophe-Zine

**********************************
Pre-Millennial Eschatology.
By: David M. Williams
dave@maths.newcastle.edu.au

INTRODUCTION

      The pre-millennial, pre-tribulational eschatological system is a
theological framework widely held in modern times. It is the eschatological
system which most literally follows scripture under consistent and proper
hermeneutics (Walvoord, 1978, p. 270), and most closely represents the
eschatological hope of the early Church.  It further distinguishes clearly
between Israel and the Church and their respective programs (Walvoord,
1978, p. 270).

      This system is marked by a number of essential distinctives.  It
requires a futurist interpretation of the
bulk of the book of Revelation.  It holds to the "rapture" - the snatching
away of the Church out of the world at an unknown time (I Thessalonians
4:13-18).  This in turn will set in motion a series of subsequent events
that will culminate in the ascendancy of the Antichrist, who will rule the
world for seven years - the seven years being the final "week" of years in
the angelic message to Daniel (Daniel 9:24-27) - the time of the great
tribulation to come on the earth as Christ treads the winepress of the fury
of the wrath of God (Revelation 19:15). The rule of the Antichrist will be
overturned by the victorious descent of Christ at His Second Coming to the
Mount of Olives with the Church (Zechariah 14; Revelation 19:11-16), who
defeats him at the Battle of Armageddon, inaugurating a literal thousand
year reign (the millennium).  Uninterrupted bliss would be enjoyed during
this time (which is contiguous with the spiritual rebirth of Israel, the
Jewish peoples acknowledging Christ as their Messiah).  This would continue
until Satan is "loosed" for a season (Revelation 20:7-8).  Then, heaven and
earth will give way to a new heaven and a new earth, the final judgment
will commence, and Satan will be cast forever into eternal damnation
(Revelation 20:10-21:1).  The system derives its name from its
chronological ordering of events: the pre-tribulational rapture and the
pre-millennial tribulation.

HISTORICAL DEVELOPMENT

      It has been contended by some that the pre-millennial system is a
recent invention.  Thomas Foster, co-founder of the Christian Revival
Crusade, noted for its British-Israel doctrine, states :

    In 1539 Ignatius Loyola founded the Society of Jesus.
    Their main purpose was to bring Protestants back to
    the fold of Rome by any means possible.  From their
    number there arose Francisco de Ribera, a Spanish
    priest, who wrote a commentary on the book of
    Revelation, which was printed in 1585 A.D.  His
    thesis [pre-millennialism] was inserted in the form
    of notes in a Vulgate Bible, in order to counter the
    Protestant Reformers who had identified the Papacy as
    the Antichrist, and the Catholic Church as the
    "Babylon" of Revelation 18:5. . . . Dr Maitland
    discovered this Futurist view of the Revelation, as
    taught by Francisco Ribera from Spain, and he
    published it just for the sake of interest.  About
    this time, 1841, the Plymouth Brethren were formed. .
    . . Their leader was John Nelson Darby and he eagerly
    read and accepted the Futurist view of Revelation. .
    . . little realizing that the Plymouth Brethren from
    then on would be preaching a Roman Catholic message
    on the Revelation!  (Foster, 1983, p. 1-3)

      Whether Foster's view have any historical truth or not, John Nelson
Darby is often considered the "founder" of pre-millennialism (Cartledge,
n.d., p. 157).  It would be more correct to say Darby was the founder of
dispensational pre-millennialism (Zoba, 1995, p. 21), for the faith of the
early Church was undoubtedly chiliasm - based on the Greek word in
Revelation 20:3 denoting the number 1,000.

      Chiliasm was an ill-defined pre-millennial outlook (Zoba, 1995, p.
21; Berkhof, 1975, p. 262) which anticipated the imminent return of Christ,
and His reign for a literal thousand years before the final judgment.
Unfortunately some were inclined to dwell fondly on their millennial hopes
in a crassly materialistic manner, such as Papias and Irenaeus (Berkhof,
1975, p. 262).

      In the fourth century, the great Christian thinker, Augustine
rejected the literal and materialistic notions behind chiliasm, concluding
that the kingdom of God was already manifest in the presence of the Church.
The age between Pentecost and the return of Christ was seen to be the very
millennium itself, marked by the ever-increasing influence of the Church in
overturning evil in the world before Christ's return (Zoba, 1995, p. 20) -
the first incarnation of post-millennial thinking, although by the end of
the first millennium A.D. this line of thought developed into
a-millennialism, the denial of any literal thousand year period. Berkhof
(1975, p. 262) suggests Augustine's thinking was influenced by the material
success of the Church since Constantine's edict of tolerance.  Indeed,
during the Middle Ages the thought of a literal millennium was generally
regarded as heretical (Berkhof, 1975, p. 263).  The post-millennial
position was refined and further developed by Daniel Whitby (Cartledge,
n.d., p. 115) but can no longer be held with any serious thought due to the
succession of wars experienced in this century.

      Pre-millennial thought was revived after being meticulously
delineated by Baptist lay preacher William Miller in the early and
mid-1800s.  His views fell into disrepute after two failed attempts to set
a date for the Lord's return (Zoba, 1995, p. 20-21).

      The next rebirth occurred with John Nelson Darby in the late 1850s in
the form of dispensational pre-millennialism, mentioned above - the notion
that God interacts with humanity in a series of epochs or dispensations.
"Darby wove these diverse strands into a tight cohesive system that he
buttressed at every point by copious biblical proof texts, then tirelessly
promoted through his writing and preaching tours" (Zoba, 1995, p. 21).

      Cyrus Scofield popularised this system of belief with the publication
of his Reference Bible and catapulted it into the Protestant mainstream
(Zoba, 1995, p. 21).

THE RAPTURE AND THE TRIBULATION

      Pre-millennial eschatology holds to a "rapture", or catching up, of
the Church at a future and unknown time, to be with Jesus in the air.  This
is based largely on I Thessalonians 4:15-17 and I Corinthians 15:51-52.  It
is inexorably intertwined with the "tribulation" period which is to follow,
and essentially the purpose of the rapture is to deliver the Church which
God has ordained for salvation (I Thessalonians 5:9) from the time of wrath
to come - the tribulation.

      This period will have seven years duration, being the final of
Daniel's heptads (Daniel 9:24-27), designated specifically for Israel and
the Jewish people.  It is identified in scripture as a time of trouble
(Daniel 12:1), the time of Jacob's Trouble (Jeremiah 30:4-7), the great Day
of the Lord (Zephaniah 1:14-18; I Thessalonians 5:2; Revelation 6:16-17),
the great tribulation (Matthew 24:21, 29; Revelation 2:22; 7:14) and the
wrath of God (Zephaniah 1:15; Revelation 6:16-17; 11:18; 14:10; 15:1;
16:1). This wrath will be unleashed upon the world (Revelation 15:7) and
will test those who dwell upon the earth (Revelation 3:10) and purge the
nation of Israel (Daniel 11:35; Zechariah 13:8-9).

      The pre-millennial system holds to a futurist interpretation of the
Book of Revelation from 4:1 onwards and this is believed to outline the
events from the rapture, detailing specifically the tribulation period.

THE BEMA SEAT OF CHRIST

      The raptured Saints are most active during the ensuing seven year
period.  Immediately judgment is enacted on the Christians at Christ's
judgment seat.  It is important to understand the nature of this judgment.
As Dr. Lehman Strauss states,

    In the large olympic arenas, there was an elevated
    seat on which the judge of the contest sat.  After
    the contests were over, the successful competitors
    would assemble before the bema to receive their
    rewards or crowns.  The bema was not a judicial bench
    where someone was condemned; it was a reward seat.
    Likewise, the Judgment Seat of Christ is not a
    judicial bench. . . . (Willmington, n.d., p. 827)

      Christ's judgment seat is not a negative one; the materials to be
judged are the individual believer's works for Christ (I Corinthians
3:10-13).  These works are classified as gold, silver, precious stones,
wood, hay and stubble.  It is unwise to speculate on what acts fall into
each of the above categories, but it is most likely that acts out of a pure
motive, with God-given talents, for the cause of Christ will fall into the
higher categories.  Nevertheless, at the Bema seat no person shall be cast
from Christ's presence; rather rewards will be given based on the result of
the testing of one's acts (I Corinthians 3:14).

THE MARRIAGE SUPPER OF THE LAMB

      Immediately following shall be the marriage supper of the lamb.  This
is described through Jesus' parables (Matthew 22:2; 25:1; Luke 12:35-36)
and through John's revelation (Revelation 19:7).  The bridegroom is the
Lord Jesus Christ (John 3:27-30; Luke 5:32-35) - the very lamb of God (John
1:29) and the bride is the very Church who has been presented without spot
or blemish, perfected through Christ's sanctifying work (Ephesians 5:22-32;
II Corinthians 11:2).  Christ has given His life for the Church (Matthew
20:28) and so shall the Church be with the Lord forever (I Thessalonians
4:17) !

THE ANTICHRIST

      A different scene transpires on the earth however.  The son of
destruction, the lawless one (II Thessalonians 2:2-7) will make his
appearance, but only after the Church (his restrainer) has been raptured.
By searching the scriptures a mosaic of this end-time figure's life may be
painted.

      Undoubtedly society will be troubled both by its increasing
lawlessness (II Timothy 3:1-5), but also by the sudden disappearance of
millions of people - the Church.  "Two men will be in the field;" Christ
said, "one will be taken and the other left.  Two women will be grinding
with a hand mill; one will be taken and the other left" (Matthew 24:40-41).
Willmington (n.d., p. 827) attempts to describe the confusion and alarm
upon the earth at this time.  It is conceivable that a troubled society
will produce the atmosphere for a dictator such as the Antichrist, and his
personality will draw many to him.  Yet it is certain that his is not a
government given by God :

    In the latter part of their reign, when rebels have
    become completely wicked, a stern-faced king, a
    master of intrigue, will arise.  He will become very
    strong, but not by his own power.  He will cause
    astounding devastation and will succeed in whatever
    he does.  He will destroy the mighty men and the holy
    people.  He will cause deceit to prosper, and he will
    consider himself superior.  When they feel secure, he
    will destroy many and take his stand against the
    Prince of princes.  Yet he will be destroyed, but not
    by human power (Daniel 8:23-25).

    He will show no regard for the gods of his fathers or
    for the one desired by women, nor will he regard any
    god, but will exalt himself above them (Daniel 11:37-
    38).

      Immediately the Antichrist seeks to resolve the world's problems.  He
begins by confirming a peace treaty in the Middle East between Israel and
the Muslim nations for a seven year period (Daniel 9:27).  Yet, as Paul
warns, while people are saying "Peace and safety," destruction will come on
them suddenly (I Thessalonians 5:3).  The Antichrist breaks the treaty in
the middle of this seven years (Daniel 9:27) and commits the "abomination
of desolation" spoken of by Daniel and by Jesus, until the end that is
decreed is poured out upon him (Daniel 9:27; 11:31; 12:11; Matthew 24:15;
Mark 13:14).

THE SECOND HALF OF THE TRIBULATION

      During the reign of the Antichrist in the former three and a half
years of the tribulation period, war and famine, plague and death occurred
(Revelation 6:1-11).  Earthquakes occur, the sun becomes black, the moon
like blood and even the very stars shall appear to fall (Revelation
6:12-13), perhaps referring to meteor strikes (Dake, 1963, p. 290).

      Nevertheless, the situation is dramatically different in the second
half of the tribulation period.  John provides a parenthetical view behind
the scenes - at the spirit realm where war in the heavenly realms takes
place (Revelation 12:7-17). Satan, it may be seen, is the real force behind
the evil occurring.  He fought with Michael the archangel, but was cast
down from heaven with his angelic followers.  Seeking to enact revenge,
Satan, the dragon, gives power to the Antichrist, the beast (Revelation
13:4).

      With Satanic empowerment, the Antichrist appears to suffer a fatal
wound yet is seemingly miraculously healed (Revelation 13:3).  The
Antichrist even orders a particular mark be emblazoned on the right hand or
forehead of people, without which they may not buy or sell (Revelation
13:16-17) - but with which one will be damned (Revelation 14:9-11).  The
False Prophet arises, instituting a religious system involving worship of
the image of the beast (Revelation 13:11-15), the penalty for failure to
comply being death.

      The seven bowl judgements of Revelation 16 are next enacted: grievous
sores on those who had received the mark or worshipped the image; the seas
become as blood; the rivers and fountains become as blood; the sun scorches
with its heat; darkness covers the earth; the Euphrates dries up and
demonic armies are released; and widespread destruction takes place -
lightning, hail and an enormous earthquake that flattens the cities of the
earth and destroys the islands and mountains.

THE RETURN OF JESUS

      The tribulation draws to a spectacular close when suddenly John sees
heaven open and he beholds a white horse - the rider is the Faithful and
the True and in righteousness he judges and makes war.  His eyes were as a
flame of fire and on his head were many crowns.  His name is the Word of
God and on his thigh is written "King of Kings and Lord of Lords"
(Revelation 19:11-13, 16).  The tribulation, and indeed this present age,
are virtually at a cataclysmic end, with the promised return of Jesus
Christ, accompanied by the perfected raptured Church (Revelation 19:14).

      With swift judgment the battle of Armageddon takes place. The
Antichrist and the False Prophet are cast into the lake of fire (Revelation
19:20), their followers are slain (Revelation 19:21) and Satan is bound in
a bottomless pit (Revelation 20:1-3).

THE MILLENIUM

      Thus begins the millennium period.  Christ and the Saints reign over
the earth for a thousand years.  The earth is restored, every valley is
raised, the rugged becomes a plain (Isaiah 40:4). Longevity, such as before
the flood, becomes common - indeed he who dies at a hundred is thought to
be a mere youth (Isaiah 65:20).  Animals dwell together in peace (Isaiah
65:25).

      At the culmination of this period, however, Satan is loosed and he
immediately proceeds to deceive the nations, organising a rebellion against
Christ's kingdom.  This rebellion is short-lived with fire coming from
heaven and devouring all (Revelation 20:7-9).

THE END OF THIS AGE

      Immediately Satan himself is cast into the lake of fire (Revelation
20:10).  The great judgment occurs - all are judged and those not found in
the book of life are also cast into the lake of fire (Revelation 20:11-15).

      The present heavens and earth pass away and all things are made new.
The new Jerusalem descends from heaven and John hears a voice say, "Behold,
the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they
shall be his people and God himself shall be with them and be their God"
(Revelation 21:1-3).

CONCLUSION

      As may be seen, the pre-millennial position is not lacking for
scriptural support.  Nevertheless there exists those who maintain that some
of the interpretations required are problematic.  Croucher (n.d.) states,
"This view robs the book [of Revelation] of all value for the early
Christians, and, indeed, for all subsequent generations right up to the
last". This is an important objection, especially when one considers the
opinions of those who give Revelation an early dating, placing it in the
midst of Roman persecution.  Indeed, the beast worship of Revelation 13:15
bears a remarkable resemblance to the Emperor worship required in such
times. The "abomination of desolations" is very remniscent of Antiochus
IV's sacrificing of pigs in the Temple (Stern, 1992, p. 827) - although
Jesus' mention of this event requires it to have a later fulfillment.
However, unlike other systems such as Preterism, pre-millennialism is
independent of when Revelation was written.

      Others question if Revelation has a strict chronological ordering,
given that prophetical works like Jeremiah do not, and the existence of
passages labelled as "parenthetical" such as Revelation 12.  Furthermore,
such an interpretation of Revelation requires a relatively non-literal
understanding of "the time is at hand" (Revelation 22:10) and "the things
which shall be hereafter" (Revelation 1:19), given that the events of
Revelation will not take place until at least 1,900 years after John saw
them.  Yet, this is mixed with a strictly literal understanding of the
seven year period, the thousand year period, and even the 144,000 Jews who
are saved during the tribulation.  Yet, elsewhere in the scriptures such
numbers are taken to be figurative.  If the Lord literally owned the cattle
on a thousand hills (Psalm 50:10), He would be no more wealthy than a
modern-day cattle rancher.

      Ultimately, however, it must be concluded that if the pre-millennial
framework does err, it does so on the side of being too literal, rather
than too figurative such as is the case with post-millennialism.  Indeed,
Walvoord (1979, p. 270) states that pre-millennialism is the only view
which allows a literal interpretation of all the Old and New Testament
passages pertaining to the tribulation.  It is the only view which
preserves the unity of Daniel's seventieth heptad, clearly distinguishing
between Israel and the Church.

      Every Christian must ensure they are like the "faithful and wise
servant" who ran his master's household assiduously while waiting for the
master's return (Matthew 24:45-46).  In the words of J. I. Packer, the
Christian must live "packed up and ready to go, and packed up and ready to
wait" (Zoba, 1995, p. 23).

WORKS CITED

Berkhof, L. 1975 (1937). The History of Christian
     Doctrines, Baker Book House, Michigan.

Cartledge, D. n.d. Eschatology, Rhema Bible College,
     Townsville.

Croucher, R. n.d. What are we waiting for?, John Mark
     Ministries, Melbourne.

Dake, F. 1963. Dake's Annotated Reference Bible, Dake
     Bible Sales, Inc., Georgia.

Foster, T. 1983. Amazing Book of Revelation Explained!,
     Crusade Centre, Victoria.

Stern, D. 1992. Jewish New Testament Commentary, Jewish
     New Testament Publications, Inc., Maryland.

Walvoord, J. 1978. The Rapture Question, Zondervan,
     Michigan.

Willmington. n.d. Willmington's Guide to the Bible,
     Pacific College Study Series, Melbourne.

Zoba, W. 1995, 'Future Tense', Christianity Today, vol.
     39, no. 11.

This essay is free for distribution in any manner, with the provision that
it remains completely intact, with this notice, the author's name and the
full text of the essay.  Any comments are gratefully welcomed.  Copyright
1995. dave@maths.newcastle.edu.au


*************************************
ONE WORLD WORSHIP
By: Dr. Carl McIntire

The United Nations has finally embraced a  Commission on Religion to assist
it in bringing the world together in this new world order. These recent
developments reported in The New American, April 3rd, quotes the leaders of
the United Nations who have projected what must done to have a "One-World
Worship for all." According to these reports the UN needs all this for its
"sustainable development." To bring the nations together in what is called
"Gaia Hypothesis" ... which "holds that the earth itself is the deity which
we should worship, and the UN is the instrument through which the earth
goddess will dictate our forms of devotion." There is the "Gaia Atlas of
Future Worlds" by Dr. Norman Myers who has been, as reported, "an adviser
to the UN, the World Bank, the State Department and Rockefeller Brothers
Fund." Here is set "forth the basic tenets of the Gaia religion." Here we
have these various references to Gaia, Gaia Hypothesis, Gaia community and
she is described as the earth goddess, and then there is the Gaia Religion
and, Gaia Atlas of the future world. It is assumed that the readers
understand. The Webster's New World Dictionary, Second College Edition,
definition reads: "Gaia or Gaea, the earth personified as a goddess,
identified with the Roman goddess, Tellus, the goddess of the earth."

So they are talking about the earth and it is feminist at that. This brings
to the fore all that the feminists are promoting as they do not want a male
deity and when the two thousand feminists met in the WCC [World Council of
Churches] conference in Minneapolis in November, 1993, they brought up
Sophia who replaced Jesus Christ, and she represented the female aspect of
the Father. This is a part of the road they are traveling everywhere
promoting themselves and this one world worship involving gaia. Somehow,
apparently they expect to get that victory with them up the road and there
is the second development which accompanies and parallels what is here
being developed, when all the human race has their one world worship. This
comes out of the expanding of dialogue in Latin America in  January when
the World Council Group there voted to have dialogue  with the
non-Christian religions because of the beauty that was in  them and all of
this would be helpful in uniting the religions in  their constructive world
programs.

Then the WCC's own publication followed with an  appeal to dialogue with
all the religions that there are. For the  UN to speak of the need of
religion for its "sustaining  development" corresponds to what is projected
here to be formed  eventually: a united religions organization structured
in the same  way. These two world bodies are synchronizing and combining
their  whole outreach to the end that their same goals will be obtained.
Here the whole human race is to come "together with all our fellow  species
and other members of the Gaian community." Norman Myers  calls it a "new
humanism, a new world view, a new planetary  concern." This requires "a UN
ministry of religion." The  September-October 1994 issue of The Futurist
magazine explains  this development: "Religions are now headed toward what
may  eventually form a United Religions Organization (URO), structured  in
much the same way as the United Nations and sharing the same  goals."
      _______________________________________________________

      To obtain this one-world worship which is projected,
      Kung explains "traditional religions have an ethical
      obligation to cease to exist."
      _______________________________________________________

The emphasis is that the earth itself is the deity  which we should
worship, and that the UN is the instrument through  which "the earth
goddess will dictate all forms of devotion." But  the report goes on
indicating that these developments are on their  way to fulfillment. Also
quoted is the creating of a "world ethic  for living sustainably." This
began in 1991, and so the report  continues, "In that same year globalist
theologian Hans Kung was  commissioned by UNESCO to create a 'Declaration
of Global Ethic'  which would impose a set of binding commitments upon
religious  leaders and institutions." To obtain this one-world worship
which  is projected, Kung explains "traditional religions have an ethical
obligation to cease to exist." In his 1991 book, Global  Responsibility: In
Search of a New World Ethic, here is his  quotation: "Any form of... church
conservatism is to be  rejected.... To put it bluntly: No regressive or
repressive  religion -- whether Christian, Islamic, Jewish or whatever
provenance -- has a long-term future." The totalitarian nature of  all this
projection is seen in Kung's explanation that "there will  be no room for
religious diversity because, 'If ethics is to  function for the well-being
of all, it must be indivisible. The  undivided world increasingly needs an
undivided ethic.'" So he  postulates, "Postmodern men and women need common
values, goals,  ideals, visions."

When the UN was first formed in San Francisco,  1945, all were assured that
it would not be involved in any  religious act, representation or action.
This report on "One World  Worship" developed by the UN says "The crusade
on behalf of the 'Global Ethic' began in earnest [on] January 25, 1993." At
that  time, "a colorful collection of religious leaders assembled around
the 'Peace Alter' at the UN's Temple of Understanding to  inaugurate the
'Year of Inter-religious Cooperation and  Understanding.'" In this report
even the names of those present at  the gathering are given to the public
apparently for the first  time. They were Daniel Gomez-Ibanez, a Hindu
activist who is a  trustee at the Millennium Institute (MI), along with MI
executive  director Gerald Barney, Gomez-Ibanez helped to organize the 1993
Parliament of World Religions at which time the "Declaration of  Global
Ethics" was unveiled and signed by scores of religious  leaders. Where is
that list for the world to see? It is clear here  that the religious
developments are parallel and combined in the  WCC. The WCC has gone after
this dialogue to secure the support of  all these other religions since
they cannot do it alone for the  one world church and the one world
government. The UN and the WCC  were paralleling each other, with the WCC
having their  representatives and consultants in the UN moving in this
direction, but since 1991 both are claiming the help of the other  to
assist them in their ultimate goal of this one world worship.

David Ramage, the chairman of this parliament that  produced the Global
Ethic document is quoted: "An alternative  framework for religion to which
people will be held accountable."

When one looks at all this it is simply a  totalitarian one world religious
association for the one world  worship. These leaders of the UN have
finally reached the  conclusion that their one world and the new world
order cannot  proceed until these religious hindrances, which now exist,
are  removed and all mankind joins in this one world worship. Global
Ethics, which these religious powers unite, is nothing more than a
world-socialist society and would require the end of traditional
religions. When the Parliament of World Religions was held in  Chicago,
Gerald Barney [CN Ed: a member of the Evangelical  Lutheran Church of
America] in a keynote address, is reported to  have brought forward this
Global Ethic as essential. Barney had  been a spokesman for this
development. The story says he "is a  well-connected member of [the]
ecological elite." This of course  brings the whole idea to its disastrous
end. The report says that  "Barney disclosed to the Parliament of World
Religions that 'an  internationally famous, highly influential author on
sustainable  development told me, 'Religion must die.'" Then it is
condemned as  "the fundamental cause of virtually all social, economic, and
ecological problems and much of the violence in the world."
      _______________________________________________________

      At last we get to the point of what is at stake. "That
      conference sought to indict 'fundamentalism' as a global
      menace."
      _______________________________________________________

Since all of this is now associated and being  developed for the benefit of
the UN and its program of World  Government, it is noticed that in the
highest level of world  operation, this is now scheduled for
implementation.

Barney realizes that he is confronted with a  difficult program, but he
indicated that "the only alternative to  the destruction of religion is the
'reinterpretation and even  rejection of ancient traditions and
assumptions.'" Here there  comes to light the realization that this is what
is taking place  in the ecumenical movement which constantly speaks of the
united  world church and of humanity.

Another quotation is given from Barney. "Five  billion of us humans must
prepare to die to 20th century ways of  thinking and being.... Every person
must learn to think like  earth, to act like earth, to be earth." The
current emphasis on  ecology and the observance of Earth Day once a year
has for the  last 25 years actually had its consummation, as here
explained, to  make possible this one-world worship. To evidence that our
own  political leaders and those in the UN are aware of these things,  the
report here says, "Barney was the lead author of the Global  2000 report
for the Carter administration; in anticipation of the  Parliament of World
Religions, he helped create an updated version  of that document entitled,
'Global 2000 Revisited: What Shall We  Do?' The appendix to that report
contains an invitation for heads  of state and religious leaders to convene
in Thingvellir, Iceland,  on January 1, 2000. There, in a tent, surrounding
a stone alter,  the gathered leaders would present handwritten covenants
pledging  loyalty to Gaia. This event would constitute what Barney calls 'a
ritual death to and giving up of the old 20th century and its ways  of
thinking and being.'" These actions and projections reveal what  now
confronts the world, and deeply involved in this is the World  Council of
Churches and the ecumenical movement. The article says  so: "following the
1993 Parliament of World Religions, 'Ecumenist  religious leaders wasted no
time in the effort to define  'authentic' religious belief." We are now
down to December, 1994,  five months back on the world stage. Then "dozens
of prominent  religious leaders joined Paulos Mar Gregorius, former
president of  the World Council of Churches, on the banks of the river
Ganges,"  where they composed a document which urged the spiritual
"empowerment of the UN" and said, "The UN should have a 'Spiritual  Cell'
with highly evolved individuals of all religions and  cultures in it. These
highly evolved masters would be assisted by  'vast armies of spiritual
adepts' who would preside over 'multi- religous International Academies' in
every country of the world."

At this time, where is any of this information that  has been distributed
to the American people through the Associated  Press, The New York Times,
etc? In all of this is "Karon Singh,  president of the UN's 'Temple of the
Understanding' and Father  Louis Dolan, another organizer of the Parliament
of World  Religions. The foot soldiers of 'spiritual enlightenment' were
joined by 1,200 religious and political officials from 52  countries." Who
heard anything about these developments? Then  again in "February 1994, 500
Christian and Jewish clergymen from  90 countries gathered in Jerusalem for
the 'Religious Leadership  in Secular Society' conference."
      _______________________________________________________

      Another quotation is given from Barney. "Five billion of
      us humans must prepare to die to 20th century ways of
      thinking and being....
      _______________________________________________________

At last we get to the point of what is at stake.  "That conference sought
to indict 'fundamentalism' as a global  menace." Then the indictment
accumulates its support announcing  that they have 'to deal with religious
extremism.' This note was  taken up by Archbishop of Canterbury George
Carey, who urged  leaders of the three monotheistic religions to 'weed out
the  extremes' from their respective faiths." Here the leader of the
Anglican Church of England, saying this. There was also "an  unprecedented
media campaign" in the election of 1994 "against the  'Religion Right.'"
The article says, they "were demonized as  enemies of 'democracy' and
'civil liberties.'" But all of this has  its own price. Benjamin Creme, a
British Theosophist, claims to  speak on behalf of Lord Maitreya, whom he
says is the Christ and  "is working with other members of the 'Spiritual
Hierarchy' to  bring about the consummation of human evolution."

The elements which are reported here can now be  seen in all that is going
on and which more and more is heading up  in the UN. This leads, they
think, to a unity that will produce  their One World Worship. These
developments, accumulating over the  last four or five years, have now
reached such proportions that no  true believer in Jesus Christ or lover of
freedom or independence  of the United States and other countries can let
it proceed  without vigorous opposition on every hand and in talk shows
across  the land. This commission, which the UN has made a part of its
structure in New York, and its denunciation and rejection of
fundamentalism has, as a part of it, the very elements which the  Bible
itself describes concerning the rise of the antichrist or  the man of sin
as described in Second Thessalonians, Chapter 2.  This One World Worship
will provide what the Scriptures say,  "Whose coming is after the working
of Satan with all power and  signs and lying wonders." And in Revelation
13:3, 4, there is no doubt the whole world will worship the beast.

The Christians, of course, who are faithful to the  Word and have not been
deceived, will never be a part of any such  worship or support of Satan.
Now that these activities are in full  swing, if the Lord tarries, to take
out His own, the year 2000  will be accompanied by the promotion and
acceptance and the  desperate need of this One World Worship. The worship
of the  earth, of which Satan is the god of this world, invites the
revelation of Jesus Christ, when He will come to the Mount of  Olives and
bring all this to naught. Satan will be bound up and  the Christians will
glory in the Lamb who was slain for their  eternal salvation.
      _______________________________________________________

      'The appendix to that report contains an invitation for
      heads of state and religious leaders to convene in
      Thingvellir, Iceland, on January 1, 2000. There, in a
      tent, surrounding a stone alter, the gathered leaders
      would present handwritten covenants pledging loyalty to
      Gaia.
      _______________________________________________________

For such developments that are here revealed in the  efforts of the UN to
bring to them the religious support, there is  a confession that without
Satan's program with his agents serving  him, there will be no world peace.
Here, now comes, the knowledge  of these developments, that the believers
may truly understand the  times, live and suffer for Christ, and wait for
the glory that  shall be revealed when Jesus comes.

"Father, I will that they also, whom thou hast  given me, be with me where
I am; that they may behold my glory,  which thou hast given me: for thou
lovest me before the foundation  of the world." John 17:24.

 Copyright 1995, The Christian News, 3277 Boeuf Lutheran Road, New Haven MO
63068. Used with permission. Dr. Carl McIntire is President of the
International Council of Christian Churches.
                               ###
 =========================
 WE OFFER ANALYSIS and reporting about news that really matters:
                                         ***
   US Constitution     US & World Security    Political Corruption
Individual Liberty
                  World Financial Markets    Religious Freedom
                                        ***
 INTERNET SUBSCRIPTIONS are available for private individuals, non-profit
organizations, and commercial publishers and broadcasters. Email
jinks@u.washington.edu with "Send Catalog" as the subject.

THE EDITORS are heard live nationally on the Eagle Radio Network. Satellite
receivers can pick us up every Saturday 11-noon PDT on G2 or G6,
transponder 14, subaudio 1.57. Ask your local station's program manager to
carry us live! Email jinks for information.


C O N S E R V A T I V E   C O N S E N S U S
******************************************************************
Events * Analysis * Forecasts * Commentary * Readers' Opinions
******************************************************************
R E L I G I O N   C O L U M N   :::   World, National, Regional
                                                              Distribution:
World
                                                                 Editor's Desk

Copyright 1996 by Conservative Consensus, ISSN 1074-245X.

All Rights Reserved. Quotation and redistribution for private,
non-commercial use is permitted. Our banner, copyright notice, and trailer
must remain intact. v2x2
________________________________________________________________

     Conservative Consensus * P.O. Box 17912 * Seattle WA 98107
 _________________________________________________________________

  * ADVERTISING SUPPLEMENT * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
 *
 * CURIOUS ABOUT the New World Order's plans for your National
 * Parks? Will the UN really get twenty percent of an American
 * state and part of Canada to form North Cascades International
 * Park?
 *
 *                 BEYOND THE TOWER OF BABEL
 *                             by
 *                       Dean Isaacson
 *
 * This new, 149-page book by will explain just who and what
 * is driving the globalists in their quest for international
 * parks. Learn how we'll all be the poorer if they succeed.
 * Names, agencies, documents; footnoted and indexed. Offered for
 * $9 postpaid through Conservative Consensus. Send check or money
 * order with delivery address to Conservative Consensus, P.O. Box
 * 17912, Seattle WA 98107.
 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * END ADVERTISING SUPPLEMENT

****************************************
The Antichrist...Have You Seen This Man?
By Todd Strandberg
 todd@oasis.novia.net

Christians and Jews have been looking for the advent of the Antichrist ever
since the Old Testament first spoke of him. Daniel gives the best
description of him. He defines him as the most evil man who ever will live.
He will charm the Jews into submission then turn against them. This "man of
sin" will briefly become the most powerful man on earth.

With all of the writings concerning the Beast, many Christians have tried
to select the Antichrist from among the men of their days. Some made good
assumptions, while others were very much off base in there observations. Of
course, as today stands, none have been able to name the true Antichrist.
Listed below are the world figures who, at one point or another, have been
tagged as the Antichrist. Most are dead and presumably off the hook, but a
number are still active on the world stage. The living have their every
move observed by hundreds of prophecy watchers.

Antiochus Epiphanes
He was one of only a few pre-Christian Antichrists and is described by
scholars as a type of Antichrist. Epiphanes was predicted by Daniel the
Prophet, and he fulfilled many of the
prophecies that the real Antichrist will repeat.

Roman Emperor Nero
One of the first and one of the greatest persons to fit the role of
Antichrist was this leader. He put many Christians to death and even killed
members of his own family. Nero's actions caused the Church to multiply
more than if he had left it alone. He died by poisoning himself, when he
learned that the Senate was plotting against him.

The Pope
Just about every Pope has been given the title of Antichrist. The Pontiff
is a favorite among evangelicals. During the Middle Ages when the power of
the Pope was more pronounced the title was more plausible. Today the
political power of the Pope has long pasted. It would be more probably that
the Pope would hold the duty of False Prophet than the one of Antichrist.

Charlemagne
He lived from 742-814 AD, and control much of central Europe. Charlemagne
put himself into the shoes of the Antichrist by trying to rebuild the Roman
Empire. This is a task that only the real Antichrist will accomplish. He
died before achieving this goal.

Napoleon
The self crowned French Emperor was not particularly a depraved man. He did
not persecute the church and he lacked a number of the qualities needed for
the role. His downfall was that he loved war too much. Napoleon like
Charlemagne worked toward reviving the Roman Empire.

Benito Mussolini
Because Mussolini became the dictator of Italy the original location of the
Roman Empire, he was the recipient of the great deal of commentary during
his rule-- from 1922 to 1943. His extreme arrogance fitted the role of
antichrist, but his military capability were laughable. Italy needed help
from Germany all throughout W.W.II.

Adolf Hitler
Most people would describe Hitler as the most villainous man who ever
lived. He remains a demonic forewarning of what the real Antichrist will be
like.

Francisco Franco
He was the dictator of Spain from 1936 until his death in 1975. Franco was
called the antichrist not because of his actions, but more because of a
genealogical connection. Upon his death the dubious honor of be called
Antichrist passed to Price Juan Carlos.

King Juan Carlos of Spain
The late Charles Taylor was a big proponent of the idea that Juan Carlos
was the Antichrist. The title of Antichrist was given to him because of his
bloodline and by being the king of the tenth nation to join the EU.

Ayatollah Kohomeini
One of the grumpiest man to ever to live, he bedeviled the US for a number
of years.

Ronald Wilson Reagan
Say it isn't so Ron. During the 80's when he is President there was talk
going around about the fact that he had 6 letters in all 3 of his names. I
believe the 666 connection with his name, was more of a joke then hard
evidence.

Mikhail Gorbachev
Gorbachev, the first Russian leader to support the rights of the people,
has been and still remains a candidate for the task of Antichrist. Until
Gorby dies prophecy watchers will have any eye on him. I guess being born
will that mark on his head was too obvious for some.

Saddam Hussien
Even before the Gulf War he was looked on as the Beast of Daniel and
Revelations. During and after the conflict, he gained a dominant footing as
a possible candidate for the job.

Lord Maitreya
A New Age personage who is said to be on this earth somewhere waiting for
his opportunity to save the world.

Sun Myung Moon
Moon is the leader of the Unification Church and he openly claims to be the
Messiah. Moon recently was sent to jail for tax evasion. Jesus by having a
tax collector on his staff didn't suffer from tax problems, you pick which
one was the smarter Messiah.

PLO leader Arafat
When Arafat signed the peace treaty with Israel in 1993, some thought that
he was bring to pass the prophecy regarding the Antichrist signing a peace
treaty for 7 years with Israel. In order for this to be the case, we would
have to be nearly 3 years into the tribulation.

Barney the Dinosaur
Purely as a joke some have reacted to the popularity of Barney by labeling
him the Antichrist

Bill Gates
If the Beast needs to be computer literate then Bill Gates would make a
good applicant. This is yet another joke floating around Cyberspace.

I have some observations of my own to make about the Antichrist. First of
all I have no idea who he is. When you check history, people who become
well renowned, for whatever reason, most of the time were unknowns before
they became famous. Hitler is a good example, before he rule much of
Europe, at one point, he living in a flophouse. If you walked by and saw
him, you would have never guessed that he'd someday threaten to take over
the world. When the time for the Antichrist comes he will achieve great
office, but right now he could be out pumping gas at some service station.

The word Antichrist has lost most of if meaning in resent years. To call
some Antichrist, in the past, was on the same level as a cursing. Now to
attach the name Antichrist to someone or something brings up mythological
connections. The same has become for calling someone a devil. Examples like
Barney the dinosaur or Bill Gates only help blur the real meaning of the
name Antichrist. Someday he will arise and cause the destruction of more
human beings than anyone who has ever come before him.

We should take care by not over focusing on the Antichrist, instead our
hope lies in the true Christ. Any revelation of the "man of sin" should act
as a warning to prepare us for the man of salvation. As a
pre-tribulationist I personally have no plans on meeting this "son of
perdition," only those who are not ready for the rapture should exspect to
see him personally.

Email todd@oasis.novia.net

If you know of anyone else who was or is now looked on as possible being
the Antichrist, please feel free to E-mail that information to the above
address.

**********************************
What is Outcome Based Education (OBE)
 By: William Bonville, Secretary of the American Party of Oregon

A WHITE KNIGHT TO THE RESCUE OR A DISASTER IN THE MAKING?

There is widespread public awareness that our public schools in Oregon have
failed to educate our children. There is an equally widespread clamor for
change. The people want schools to be good again. This was the excuse for
introducing Outcome Based Education. OBE will cure all our problems by
restructuring the schools to meet the desires of the people and the needs
of children. OBE is the white knight to the rescue. Or is it?

Since in recent decades our schools have been run more and more
bureaucratically, adopting more and more new and experimental programs,
engaging more and more in social engineering instead of traditional
education, one might conclude that public schools over the past three
decades have been systematically weaned away from their function of
education. Indeed, when one looks into the history of educational policy
management at all levels, one can argue convincingly that the educational
effectiveness of our public schools has been systematically destroyed in
order that something like Outcome Based Education, OBE, could be brought in
to "save" the schools.

While such a notion is alarmingly consistent with the theories of the
experts who developed and implemented OBE (to achieve change, first
introduce "dissonance" to produce confusion and the consequent desire for
change, they advise), there is little appearance of that when OBE first
arrives on the scene. OBE has the appearance of being "local" in origin, a
system devised uniquely by people on the actual site of the schools to
solve the immediate problems of each individual school. But that is mere
appearance. OBE is a cleverly packaged system of schooling handed down
through federal and state educational bureaucracies which skilled experts,
called facilitators and change agents, implant into each school district.
On the surface it looks good to pupils, teachers and parents. They like it
because, if nothing else, it feels good. Its initial phase of
implementation is designed to be easy to swallow, smoothing things out in
preparation for the changes to come.

The first thing that leads one to question OBE is discovery that it is not
a system invented by experienced educators. Instead it was developed and is
managed and guided by a fanatical group of sociologists and psychologists
originally funded and directed by an assortment of tax-exempt foundations.
Principal among them is the Carnegie Corporation, which has sponsored and
led the key organizations that have developed and implemented OBE; and the
Rockefeller Foundation, which funds several key organizations involved in
the school restructuring movement, organizations which are guided by
regents or boards of directors on which a man named David Rockefeller holds
membership and calls the shots personally or through his representatives.
And David Rockefeller, whatever else he may be, is not an educator.

Taking a deeper look at OBE, we discover that it is not about education at
all. At least, not in terms of traditional academically-based,
teacher-directed instruction that once was the foundation of American
education until the social engineers began whittling away at it back in the
1960s.

The fundamental strategy of the restructuring movement known as Outcome
Based Education is elimination of all moral and psychological barriers to
social change. Why social change? Because the political, industrial and
banking leaders who lead our society have concluded that, the way the world
is going, it will be politically and economically unmanageable in the very
near future. OBE is a crucial part of the solution to their management
problem.

The ultimate objective is to gain socio-political control over all present
and future generations of children, conditioning them to be cooperative and
pliable workers and citizens who will go along with the New World Order.
OBE will be the tool by which those children will be conditioned to operate
cooperatively in the New World Order. That "Order" will be an egalitarian
society (run by a small elite) marked by total conformity to and control by
the ideas of those in charge of the state, in accordance with
state-specified values and attitudes. This is the classic notion of Fabian
Socialism carried to its logical extreme.

OBE is thus global in concept, socialistic in philosophy, and
anti-patriotic. It's design is based on a comprehensive view of the future
a generation or two on out into the twenty first century. The sociologists
work back from that concept to determine what education must be today to
accommodate that presumed future.

The outcomes of OBE are thus designed to produce an educational product (a
student) who will function appropriately in that future. THIS IS THE KEY TO
OBE. Those outcomes, these experts have determined, are only incidentally
and at best secondarily what we would call academic. Instead, they are
fundamentally associated with what one might call a view of the world, what
the philosophers call a weltanschauung. And that is less an intellectual
grasp of what the world is all about than it is felt understanding, a nexus
of attitudes and dispositional feelings about the world and our place in
it. And that is what the "outcomes" of OBE would restructure.

The crucial point is that the educational outcomes that a graduate must
possess to matriculate from the OBE system are attitudinal and relate to
values, not to academic skills. Paramount above everything is that the
student's outcome must include a high level of self esteem. He must believe
and feel that he is the nicest, best, or whatever positive feeling is
appropriate to the learning situation, no matter what the reality is due to
his basic possession or lack of talent or intelligence. No matter what his
capabilities and capacities, no matter where they place him in the order of
things, he must feel good about himself so that he will be satisfied first
of all with OBE itself, and then with where he finds himself in the social,
economic and political order that the experts in world governments are
creating for him to live in. OBE will produce this sort of satisfied, happy
person because he or she will be able to succeed in mastering everything
the system has to offer. That it isn't very much academically, is not
beside the point. For if you educate children too well, at least some of
them will be apt to challenge the new order of things.

The masters of OBE have gained control of the educational system virtually
everywhere in the nation, and have established legislation, implementation
plans, schedules, and educational goals that are identical from state to
state. In each instance they are instituting a system that is:

1. Brainwashing, not education. It uses Skinnerian techniques of
psychological conditioning to obtain politically correct and compliant,
dumbed-down workers who feel good about themselves.

2. Challenges traditional family values and religiously-based
Judeo-Christian moral absolutes by developing a morality of relativism
based on what feels good in situations. The objective is destruction of the
Judeo-Christian culture and the conceptual and attitudinal anchors that
underlie the ideals of individualism and freedom that dominate our
prevailing world view.

3. Undermines academic excellence by deemphasizing, eliminating or lowering
academic standards such that all students can meet all requirements.
Meanwhile it adds other standards which are attitudinal and affective,
politically correct, verified by behaviors having nothing to do with
academics. OBE focuses on changing behavior, attitudes, values, and
feelings. These outcomes drive the system; where core academic subjects are
taught, they are treated as processes only, used to achieve the real
attitudinal goals. The system uses illegal psychological tests to assess
those behaviors.

4. Makes a permanent record of the compliance of each child with these
outcomes and, under that part of the law called "Parents as Teachers,"
intervenes in the family if necessary to obtain those outcomes. The laws
are written so that families who object and resist the brain washing of
their children can be prosecuted, lose jurisdiction over their children,
and be forced into psychological counseling (at their own expense) until
they have come around to the government's way of seeing things.

5. Makes that record on each child available to other agencies of the
government and to prospective employers. Intends by law that a child who
does not comply with outcomes will not get employed or be able to advance
educationally.

6. Eliminates Carnegie Units (class hour credits in subjects) as a
criterion for graduation; eliminates grading in favor of psychological
testing of desired attitudinal outcomes.

7. Supplants the diploma with Certificates of Mastery (CIM and CAM),
intermediate and advanced, at 10th and 12th grade equivalents. Forces
fifteen- and sixteen-year-old students to make career decisions which
become difficult for them to change, and reintroduces fixed "tracks" into
the educational process. Keeps your children from receiving certificates if
they disagree with the values taught in school, no matter how
intellectually gifted or academically excellent they may be.

8. Increases length of school year and class length, in part to make
possible the "remediation" of children who resist or reject the desired
outcomes.

9. Makes the teacher into a "facilitator" or coach in place of conducting a
directed learning environment.

10. Introduces "whole word" reading in place of phonics, and employs group,
cooperative and coercive learning strategies in place of motivating
individual initiative. The approach deemphasizes individual choices and
decisions or the learning of self reliance. Replaces math drills with
calculators, vocabulary building with feel-good choices, etc., as it takes
the work out of academic learning.

11. Gives control of the system to educators (site based management) in
place of school boards and school committees, and thus breaks the last bit
of local community control over the educational process. It also assures
control of the educators by the system, because teachers and administrators
are mandated to learn and utilize the new system, and they will remain
dependent upon it for their professional advancement and livelihood.

12. Holds top achievers back by making them teach slower students until all
have met the behavioral standards. This allows most members of a group or
class to achieve only a small fraction of the academic progress gained
under the existing system, bad as it is. For greater detail than above, you
are urged to read Ron Sunseri's book: OBE, Understanding the Truth about
Education Reform, Questar Publishers, PO Box 1720, Sisters, OR 97759.

But how exactly does OBE work?

In OBE, a student must demonstrate an approved behavior defined by the
state as the required outcome of the educational process. The state:

1. Sets a standard for "mastery" of a specified goal.

2. Tests to verify that the goal has been achieved.

3. Remediates a student who fails to meet the standard until he does.

The required outcomes are attitudinal, not academically based. They set
outcome attitudes towards and behavioral capacity for adaptability to
change, ethical judgment, family living, environment, understanding and
appreciating others, and good citizenship (defined as active participation
in and support of civic government).

The rhetoric of OBE says that children will proceed at their own pace and
not be judged by "seat time." In practice, because of emphasis upon group
learning strategies, all children in a group must achieve the goals before
the group may move on, which puts tremendous pressure on a non-conformist
to conform. This group orientation makes OBE a system for education of the
group, not the individual. It is "collective" education in which
competition is discouraged and the individual learns that the group is more
important than the individual.

Each school district must develop a plan to meet OBE requirements, submit
it to the state and, if state does not approve, or if the district will not
fall into line, the state will take over the district. In practice, the
state provides the plan to the district, so that the plan is essentially
the same in all districts and in all states. A carrot and stick approach is
used. If the district cooperates, it gets an open conduit to state and
federal money. If it doesn't, it gets taken over at worst, doesn't get
money at best.

Public Law 103-382, dated October 20 1994, provides $8 billion (yes, that
is a B for billion) of grant money for spreading out to those states and
school districts who accept the federal mandate to implement OBE in their
schools.

OBE thus is being implemented as a national curriculum that is to be worked
into the system in stages. The following explanation is condensed from Ron
Sunseri's book, page 23ff, a book that every parent should buy and read
from cover to cover, for we only touch on all that the book covers about
OBE.

There are four stages in implementing outcome-based education. As you read
you will begin to see a pattern that you may be experiencing in your own
district. The transition from one stage of OBE to the next is accomplished
through gradualism. Bill Spady, the "father of OBE," defines the stages as
follows:

STAGE 1: TRADITIONAL OBE

Here OBE retains its traditional focus on traditional subject area
knowledge (math, science, reading, etc.), outcome-based instruction is
applied to the traditional disciplines. Shift is made to A,B,I grading
 (eighty percent = mastery; incomplete (I) doesn't count on grade point
average). Teacher takes the role of coach or facilitator.

STAGE 2: LOW TRANSITIONAL OBE

The focus remains on academic subject areas with some OBE processes such as
group collaboration, self assessment on performance terms using open-ended
tests and demonstrations with scoring (rubrics) developed by teacher. A,B,I
grading continues.

STAGE 3: HIGH TRANSITIONAL OBE

The instructional focus now shifts entirely to processes and competencies,
using subject matter in hands-on, real-life experience situations.
Future-driven competence outcomes from spheres of the psychological,
sociological, political, using authentic, exit outcome-based performance
assessments (portfolios, projects, etc.) Curriculum now becomes
interdisciplinary (thematic, traditional disciplines integrated).

STAGE 4: TRANSFORMATIONAL OBE

Here the educational focus points to functioning in life-roles (knowledge,
competence, and orientation towards the community as school, with it
defining what we want the student to be like-values). What we now have are
future conditions-driven life-role performance outcomes
(psycho-socio-political focus) involving authentic role performances
(apprenticeship, community service, working in community), with academic
subject matters fully integrated into and effectively downgraded, emptied
of much content (content is estimated by OBE authorities to be
approximately 10 percent of traditional content), and submerged within
thematic future-driven curriculum. The outcomes are scored by student- and
expert-created rubrics (business and industry will assess and validate
competencies through authentic life-role performances), awarding
certificates of mastery leading to entry into workforce. Carnegie units are
abandoned and criterion validation replaces grading with descriptions of
competencies at each level.

In 1990: Dept. of Labor formed the Secretary's Commission on Achieving
Necessary Skills. Headed by Arnold Packer, author of 1987 report, Workforce
2000: Workers for the 21st Century." What it spells out are OBE objectives,
pure and simple. This led to the School to Work Bill, which requires that
states adapt their educational system to facilitate transition from schools
into the workplace, and do it as stipulated by the Federal Government. If
not, Federal money is cut off. Again, this is a setup for OBE, which is
designed to create a flow of compliant, dumb, attitudinally correct cheap
labor force.

Outcome-based education has a supporting strategy known as developmentally
appropriate practices or DAP. While DAP is not technically connected to
outcome-based education, proponents of OBE consider DAP imperative to the
education of young children, which is why it accompanies the implementation
of OBE everywhere. The National Association for the Education of Young
Children has described DAP as follows: (again taken from Ron Sunseri's
book, p 66ff)

Practice: There is an integrated curriculum where learning in all
traditional subject areas occurs primarily through projects, learning
centers, and play activities.

Meaning: No more directive teaching. No more content teaching. Young
students will learn on their own by doing fun activities. In this model
learning simply occurs, students don't strive to acquire knowledge.

Practice: Children learn through active involvement with each other, with
adults and older children serving as informal tutors.

Meaning: Children learn from each other, not the teacher. The new role for
the teacher is a passive tutor or facilitator. Older students are used as
passive tutors as well.

Practice: Individual children or small groups work and play cooperatively
or alone in learning centers on projects that they usually select
themselves.

 Meaning: Children self-direct their "learning." They are not directed by a
teacher to do anything they don't want to do. Generally it is inappropriate
for the teacher to select work for the student to accomplish. The child
decides what is relevant.

Practice: The math and science programs enable children to use math and
science through exploration, discovery, and solving relevant problems.

Meaning: No direct teaching and no rote learning of how to do sums or
requiring the memorization of multiplication tables. Children will
"explore" these subjects at learning centers.

Practice: Social studies themes are identified as the focus of work for
extended periods of time and are learned through a variety of projects and
playful activities involving independent research through reading,
excursions, discussions, relevant use of language, etc.

Meaning: No directive teaching of content.

Practice: Art, music, movement, and drama are integrated activities in the
learning process.

Meaning: Obvious.

Practice: Teachers promote socialization behavior, perseverance, industry,
and independence by providing many stimulating and motivational activities.

Teachers promote the development of children's conscience and self-control
through positive guidance techniques, includingsetting clear limits in a
positive manner and involving children in establishing rules for their
class and social living.

Meaning: Students begin to learn how to exhibit the behaviors required of
them by outcomes.

Practice: Teachers view and accept parents as partners.

Meaning: The primary responsibility for the children lies with the school.
Parents are only one part of a multi-faceted process. "Viewing" and
"accepting" parents as partners establishes the teacher and school as the
center of control. Parents must fit into the system and know their proper
place.

Criticisms of OBE on the basis of external criteria are argumentive and
arbitrary as far as supporters of OBE are concerned. But internal
criticisms are telling. Ask: How do you measure outcomes? For example, the
desired outcome of self esteem. How do you score it? How much self esteem
is enough? Too much?

The only way of measuring such things is by psychological tests, which are
illegal. Yet the government has set a standard which a student must meet in
attitudes, values and beliefs.

Examples: On assessment test the pupil is asked:

What is your least favorite country?

What is your least favorite religious denomination?

Such questions expose a pupil's attitudes and feelings about other people,
and tell nothing of his knowledge about the world.

Crucial to the system is the facilitator establishing and maintaining a
"Locus of Control." The child must learn to go along with the group. If
not, the process must create a conflict in the child that will lead to a
change in that behavior. This operant conditioning technique becomes part
of teacher retraining.

But how do you get teachers to be "facilitators"? They are subjected to
"sensitivity training." which essentially is "group therapy," designed to
upset the teacher's frame of reference. Then too, there is the usual
coercion of the administrative system and the union which says, go along or
get out.

The real goal of OBE, it thus becomes clear, is just what the experts say
it is in their research journals. It is to condition the populace to rapid
adaptability to change without protest. The outcome sought is a compliant,
willing, unquestioning worker used to and desiring to cooperate with his
fellows as a not too smart drone working in the global industrial complex
managed by the global elite. These compliant drones include parents and
teachers as well as pupils.

The immediate outcome for the child, parents report, may be rebellion in
the home, irritability, nervousness, sleep walking and other psychological
disorders.

The top ten percent of the students will be siphoned off from the system
and trained for leadership, provided they have the proper attitudes. If
not, they will be held back and dumbed down with the rest of the kids as
material for the new global work force produced by NAFTA and GATT. If they
do behave properly, they will be given extra opportunities to rise to the
top of the New World (Government) Order.

This is not education designed to make a child the best he can be; but one
that makes him the best the social elite wants him to be. It is a method
for implementing a Fabian-like socialistic New World Order and a
globalistic viewpoint. This outcome, visited upon a generation or two of
functional illiterates dumbed down to where they don't know any better,
will be to the advantage of the "controller" of the new society.

In the end, government schools using OBE cannot allow competing schools to
survive, since they would produce better educated children and reveal the
failure of OBE as a true educational system. They would also be breeding
grounds for unreconstructed independent thinkers who might lead the drones
in opposition to the new order of things. Therefore, the new laws provide
that, when the experts deem the time is ripe, private and religious schools
will be brought into the OBE system, and home schooling will be outlawed,
all by the simple device that the teacher of any child must be certificated
in the OBE technology and use it.

To make this happen, the Federal government and states are waiving or
ignoring all sorts of laws. This includes the Hatch Amendment, which
outlaws psychological testing in the schools. Indeed, the federal Education
Act, H.R. 6, has provisions specifically allowing the educational
establishment to disregard laws which may interfere with implementation of
OBE.

The National Education Association has been a leader in the transformation
process, enthusiastically hopping on board what the sociologists and
psychologists have devised in the name of educational reform. In fact, the
NEA not only supports the Federal Goals 2000 legislation now being
implemented; the Ten Cardinal Principles of the NEA were virtually a
blueprint for Goals 2000, which was no accident. David Rockefeller was an
active participant in the NEA's development of those principles.

Goals 2000 is a federal blueprint for education, over-riding local control
and establishing a mandatory curriculum from the top down. It has no
concern for academics. It was developed by Chester Finn. The Goals 2000,
Educate America Act, signed by Bill Clinton, is legislation specifying:

1. School based clinics. The ultimate goal is to provide life-long services
to the child and his family, making the data developed by these clinics
part of the total package of information on pupils and families.

2. OBE, with computer data tracking ultimately extending from birth to death.

3. Parents as teachers, requiring "experts" to come into the home to show
parents how to bring up their children with the approved attitudes and
values. Those who object or fail to cooperate will be labeled as child
abusers and be liable for prosecution and loss of their children to the
state. This is part of the guideline that "all kids will arrive at school
ready to learn." This gives "experts" an entry into home from birth to
graduation of child. If parents refuse to let the experts into the home,
they are labeled "at risk" and may be penalized.

4. Race norming of testing. Those of different race, color or income status
will be scored differently, recognizing that (at least at the outset) they
cannot score as well as middle-class Anglos.

5. No parental privacy, no parental input to the schools. The child belongs
to the state and the family is an open book to the state.

6. Establishes a new National School Board, which will:

a. Install uniform national curriculum and testing.

b. Develop mandatory national outcome standards.

c. Implement data tracking on an individual basis, with that data made
available to other agencies and employers.

7. Mandatory school standards relative to the number of teachers and their
salaries, computers, etc.

8. National Educational Goals Panel , which will issue reports on how well
each district is meeting the above 7 goals.

The Goals 2000 legislation thus established two new layers of educational
bureaucracy at the Federal level: the National Educational Goals Panel, and
the National Standards and Improvements Council. The first establishes the
common educational goals, the second establishes the detailed standards and
tests to assure compliance --- all on a national basis.

Bill Jasper writes, "Twisting through the confusing maze of Federal
education agencies, bureaus, programs, grants and contracts runs a unifying
thread, all leading toward the institution of a centrally controlled
computer-based system of schooling employing the operant conditioning
techniques of Behavioral Psychologist B. F. Skinner."

He continues, "Deceptive and psychologically manipulative courses,
curricula, teaching methods and textbooks, running under the label of
Mastery Learning, Competency Based Learning, or OBE, are replacing the
traditional academic curriculum and causing havoc throughout the country as
millions of students are purposefully being dumbed down."

Nancy Stable, a former high school teacher in Pennsylvania schools,
describes the "values clarification" technique used in OBE. It is a method
for teaching decision making that teaches a child to abandon all the
traditional values and standards taught at home and church, teaches that
there is no absolute right or wrong, but that each individual can choose
for himself based on what is good for himself.

B. K. Eakman, in Educating for the New World Order (Halcyon House,
Portland, OR 1991, pp 258-9), quotes William Bonner, Attorney for the
Rutherford Institute:

"While the public has assumed it retains its historic input into education
on a local school district level, in fact education has been progressively
federalized, with the bold new America 2000 as the ultimate expression of
the consolidation of power over education directed from Washington. The
revised Chapters 3, 5, and 6 respond to Washington's demand that the states
effect strict compliance with federal regulation in exchange for federal
dollars. Freedom, diversity and local control are being increasingly
sacrificed in that exchange.

"Undergirding this federalization of education has been a massive invasion
of the family and the rights of individual students through curricula
utilizing psychological programming and experimentation, as well as a broad
spectrum of behavior modification techniques. Data periodically gathered
through invasive testing within the affective domain has then, through the
illegal demand for students' social security numbers...been compiled on
computer systems storing vast amounts of intimate and private information
on our children and youth, in violation of their constitutional rights...

"The traditional interests and rights of parents have been trampled upon,
as educators have proceeded on the proposition that professionals know
better than parents how to raise children...."

As for the Oregon reform law: It did nothing less than make OBE a required
adoption by every school district in the state, whether school boards,
parents or the local community like it or not.

Local control of education, like the wolf and the grizzly, is extinct in
the formerly sovereign state of Oregon. Vera Katz (now Mayor of Portland),
Superintendent of Public Instruction Norma Paulus, and Governor Barbara
Roberts, those three nice, smiling ladies, have sold us out to the
globalists.

How to Oppose Outcome Based Education

In Oregon, first task is to repeal the OBE statutes put in place by HB3565
in 1991. Circulate the initiative petition. When you fill one sheet, get
more. Be sure you follow the instructions for the circulator.

Problem: When the initiative is passed by the voters in November 1996 you
can bet the political powers will tie up the initiative in court to stop it
from becoming law. Also bet the Governor and legislature, when in 1997 they
enact the laws required by the initiative, will do everything they can to
get around the initiative and keep OBE in place, perhaps by another name.

Solution: Frighten the whole lot of those Republican and Democratic
politicians into serving the people for a change. How? Vote with your feet!
And do it everywhere, not only in Oregon.

The Republican Party under President Bush and his Education Secretary,
Lamar Alexander (Yup, the same one now running for president), drew up the
plans for OBE. The Democratic Party under President Clinton pushed the OBE
law through Congress (supported by both Democrats and Republicans).

In Oregon, the Democratic Speaker of the House, Vera Katz, shoved OBE
through the Democratic-controlled legislature in 1991. Norma Paulus, a
long-time Republican and Superintendent of Public Instruction, turned the
law into the OBE system now mandated in our schools. Now Governor John
Kitzhaber, a Democrat, says he will veto any Oregon bill that would repeal
OBE. But he has nothing to fear, for the Republican-controlled legislature
defeated a house bill that would have repealed OBE.

The lesson for us: The Republican and Democratic Parties at all levels are
shoving OBE down our throats whether we like it or not. They refuse to
listen to ordinary Republicans and Democrats who fear what OBE is doing to
their children. Instead they listen to the power brokers with the money.

The solution: Vote with your feet. Get out of the Republican or Democratic
Parties. Tell your family and friends to get out also. Reregister
immediately. Join a third party or merely be independent. Most of us were
Republicans or Democrats. We are now registered and active in the American
Party. Another alternative: The Libertarian Party. We chose the American
Party because, among other things, it is the only political party that has
taken a position against OBE. Its members are active in the effort to
repeal OBE and also wake up parents and grandparents about what is being
done to their children and grandchildren.

OBE is no joke. It is not a passing fad or fancy. It won't go away of its
own accord. There are a lot of powerful people who want our kids dumbed
down and made compliant by OBE. Their power is money. They use it to
control our politicians and our government. They don't want you to know it,
but you have more power than they do. You have the vote. Your vote elects
those politicians. They have power only because millions of people register
in and vote for the Republican and Democratic Parties. But both parties
answer to the money, not to you. They make you think you have a choice. Not
any more you don't. Not with them. Your only real choice is a third party
like the American Party.

The Ultimate Defeat of Outcome Based Education

Wisdom appears when one least expects it. Such an appearance occurs in The
Atlantic Monthly magazine for September, 1995.

The article is by George McKenna. The title - On Abortion: A Lincolnian
Position.

The loggerheads of the abortion controversy have long since bored me (both
extremes want the government to intervene and do their bidding, which is
antithetical to the principles of the American Party as well as to my
personal political disposition), but the mention of Lincoln piqued my
interest.

Oddly enough, McKenna's argument dealing with abortion was deftly woven
into the fabric of the Lincoln-Douglas debates on slavery and the survival
of the union and/or states rights. The piece must be read to appreciate the
point of view he expresses and the quality of his argument.

Along the way, McKenna reveals from his study of Lincoln a maxim of sorts
that should not be lost upon we who come along the way of life a century
later, and who wrestle with the institution of outcome based education --an
institution as evil as slavery and not entirely unrelated.

Lincoln, McKenna tells us, found foreign to his thought the idea that he
might resolve the slavery question in the courts, whether by argument or
stuffing the courts with justices who thought as he did. Instead, "...he
intended to conduct his argument before the American people. Lincoln knew
that in the final analysis durable judicial rulings on major issues must be
rooted in the soil of American opinion. 'Public sentiment,' he said, 'is
everything' in this country.

"'With it, nothing can fail; against it, nothing can succeed. Whoever
moulds public sentiment, goes deeper than he who enacts statutes, or
pronounces judicial decisions.'"

There is practical truth. Let it be put to use by those of us who have
learned of the methodological bankruptcy and moral evil of that educational
cancer known as outcome based education, mastery learning, performance
based learning, Goals 2000, or whatever its progenitors choose to call it.
For freedom's sake, for the sake of our children and grandchildren, we
oppose it. We work to defeat it. We will take it into the courts. We will
lobby our legislators and use our votes to expel its architects and
supporters from the public offices they are abusing. Most of all, as
Lincoln advised, we will expose that bankruptcy and evil for all to see.

By exposure of the truth about OBE, we will surely build momentum that will
capture public sentiment in ever larger segments of the American people. In
the end, it will assure that outcome based education shall be consigned
forever to the rubbish pile of history.

It has begun. In Virginia, Montana, and now New Hampshire and Alabama, the
people have raised their voices and refused the federal "blackmail" funds
that would tie them into implementation of OBE. All that happened much to
the chagrin of Secretary Reilly and the coterie of bureaucrats who know
better than you what is best for your children.

That story is told on the front page of the August 30 Wall Street Journal,
where a Virginian is quoted as informing us, "Goals 2000 will produce
stupid children... The government plans to take over the responsibility for
raising infants, toddlers and preschoolers."

But not if we can help it.

Bill Bonville
Secretary of the American Party of Oregon

For information tel or fax (503) 476-5533 to:
William Bonville, Secretary of the American Party of Oregon.


***************************************
"If Christ Should Come Tonight"
by Martha Snell Nicholson

Is my house set in order
if Christ should come today?
What tasks would be unfinished
if I were called away?

Suppose an angel told me
at early morning light,
"Your Lord will come this evening,
You shall go home tonight,"

Would ectaasy be clouded
by thought of work undone,
The seed I might have scattered,
The crown I might have won?

The soul I meant to speak to,
the purse I meant to share,
And oh the waisted moments
I meant to spend in prayer!

The weight of unsaved millions
would press upon my heart.
In their death am I certain
that I had not a part?

And such a few short moments
In which to set things right!
How ferverishly I'd labor
Until the waning light!

O slothful soul and careless heart,
O eyes which have no sight, -
Work, lest you reap but vain regrets!
Your Lord "may" come home tonight!


***************************************
Prophe-Zine's News Bites

China Issues Taiwan Warning...Matthew 24:6

China has warned the Clinton administration that it has prepared for a
missile attack on Taiwan, The New York Times reported on 1/24/96.

A limited attack could be mounted if the expected winner, Lee Tenghui, of
Taiwan's first democratic presidential election in March doesn't change his
ways, the newspaper said.

China experts say the warnings should be taken seriously.

China is trying to force Taiwan, a nation of 21 million people, to abandon
the campaign of President Lee Tenghui. Lee is expected to win the election
in March.

On Jan. 4, President Clinton's national security adviser , Anthony Lake,
was told that China has prepared plans for a series of attacks against
Taiwan, consisting of one conventional missile strike a day for 30 days.

A Chinese official was quoted as saying China could attack Taiwan without
fear of U.S. intervention because American leaders ''care more about Los
Angeles than they do about Taiwan.''

There is a new urgency in its effort to end Taiwan's quest for
''independent international status.''

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Yet Another Executive Order
By Ray Gano

Clinton is issuing an executive order banning federal contracts  to
businesses which hire illegal aliens, the NY Times says.


	By issuing an executive order, the President can take
	action by himself, without needing Congress to pass
	comprehensive legislation to overhaul immigration policy.
	White House officials say Mr. Clinton will make increased
	use of such orders to put his imprint on domestic policy
	and to show that he has not been stymied by Republicans
	in this election year.

		-NY Times, 1/23/96, p.A12.


I find this interesting. If the President can do this to a group of people
that are looked down upon, he can also do it to Christians, "right wing
extremists, militia members, etc. What this does is sets a precedence. If
he can do this, what else will he do. What will it take for the American
people to wake up. Clinton is slowly knocking down dominos.  It is rules,
laws, and executive orders much like this that will give the Antichrist all
the power he wants.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Wars And Rumors Of Wars
By: The Van Impe Intelligence Briefing

Somalia, Iraq, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Haiti, Rwanda, South Africa, Northern
Ireland, the Middle East, Liberia. Welcome to the New World Disorder.

The end of the Cold War was supposed to spell a new era of peace and
freedom, but conflict and mayhem are the order of the day. Mass killings,
summary executions and human rights abuses are on the rise.

"In the absence of strong leadership from the world's preeminent power,
very serious world disorder is possible, given that many, if not all, of
the post-Cold War achievements are on the verge of self-destruction,"
writes Joseph de Courcy, the respected British intelligence analyst. (II
Timothy 3:1-5)

The nuclear threat

Russia's control over its vast nuclear arsenal is endangered by economic,
political and military realities, according to senior U.S. intelligence
officials.

"The breakup of the Soviet Union, the opening of Russian society and its
economic difficulties have subjected the security system to stresses and
risks it was not designed to withstand," says David Osias, an expert on
nuclear proliferation at the CIA-based National Intelligence Council.

Nuclear weapons in Russia are stored in unsafe conditions and can be
launched more easily or accidentally than similar U.S. weapons, say U.S.
experts.

Worse yet, however, Moscow is thwarting U.S. efforts to conduct inspections
critical to treaty verification while it maintains prohibited production
capabilities. (Isaiah 24:6; Jeremiah 50:32; Ezekiel 38:19-20; Ezekiel
25:5,12; Isaiah 29:5)

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Early forms of Mark of the Beast acceptance?

Editor's Note: It says in Rev 13:16-18 " that he CAUSETH all men to receive
the mark either on their forehead or right hand"

I believe that the Mark will be willingly accepted by those who are
deceived. If you watch TV or the movies you see "Sci Fi" shows with a
person waving one's hand over a reader or placing their hand in a reader,
etc. Is this mild forms of acceptance? I think, or at least it seems a way
to "dull the senses". Once numb to the situation it is easier to accept and
all a person has to do is give you a CAUSE for you to take the mark.

Here is a add that was mailed to me by one of my readers. This is a program
where a ID chip is attached to ones clothing, but what happens if the
person or child's clothes are taken off or lost? Why not implant the chip
beneath the skin where it can not be lost?  Ray - Prophe-Zine

 Seniors ID

In today's world, we constantly hear about  cases of lost, missing or
Injured older citizens Consequently, your safety and the safety of your
loved ones are foremost in your mind. To help prevent these tragedies, you
may now enroll yourself and loved ones in the nationwide SENIOR'S ID
PROGRAM. We provide vital Information to Identify accident victims and lost
or missing Individuals.

The cost of the SENIOR'S ID PROGRAM is $24.95 per registration. After the
Emergency Imformation Is returned to us, you or your loved ones will be
assigned a personal Identification number. Labels and application
Instructions are mailed out as soon as possible after we receive the
completed form. Once the labels are applied to the clothlng, the wearer is
linked to our 24 hour-a-day emergency Identification hotline. If you or
your loved one is lost, the labels are found and the finder calls an 800#
and reports the serial number of the wearer to the Identification Center,
records are available within seconds and soon the identity and address of
the wearer are known to the finder, the lost individual is returned to his
home.

ID Program
Protect yourself and lovedones for pennies a day!

Print the form below and fax it to:
Alert ID Programs
515-276-6852

Please register myself or loved one with KID'S ALERT
Enclosed is $24.95 per individual. Iowa residents add 5% sales tax.
Name of person to be registered
Street
City
State
Zip
Others in family to be registered.

Name of Card holder

Signature of Card holder

Credit Card #

Exp. Date

If paying by check just place the check here:

Make payable to Kid's Alert & Senior's ID Service

Allow 10 - 14 days for delivery of registration materials.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

If It Doesn't Have The MARK, It Might As Well Not Exist!
By: Locke Curfman (LC4Him@aol.com)

Although this tidbit is certainly not a newsbreaker, it IS a little bit of
what happens when you have had your spiritual eyes opened to the events
taking place in our world today (Thanks to all of you!) -

Last night as I was heading through the checkout line at our friendly,
overcrowed, understaffed Wal Mart store, I noticed that the couple in front
of me was having trouble with the checker. It seems that one of the items
they were intending to purchase did not have the UPC code and although it
DID have a price tag, the checker kept saying that she would be unable to
ring it up unless someone could find the UPC code for her. Well, the couple
looked for another item (while I was WAITING in line) that had the code on
it but couldn't find one and the store couldn't find one....so, finally as
they were fed up with waiting, the couple declined to purchase the item and
FINALLY, I was able to take my place at the register. Being the curious
person that I am, I asked, "So you really don't have any backup for a
situation like this when the code can't be located?" and she said, "That's
right, if it doesn't have the code, it might as well not exist!" - and with
that, I had an eerie scene come to mind of a future in which (praise God
that we WILL NOT be here!) those who decide NOT to take the Mark will
approach a store, vendor,etc seeking to purchase food, clothing, etc. And
when asked to waive their right hand, are told, "Sorry, if you don't have
the Mark, to the system you don't exist...in fact, why don't you just step
to the side here for a minute while I contact someone who can HELP you."

I truly can relate to the comment someone made once that, "If you're not
paranoid, you're not paying attention!"

Talk to you soon!

Locke Curfman

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Temple Update

A New Temple in Jerusalem Coming Soon?
By: Triumph Prophetic Ministries (Church of God)

'Jerusalem -- In recent months, the issue of Jewish access to the Temple
Mount for prayer has been aggressively renewed by the Orthodox group Hai
V'kayam.

'Under a Palestinian State, Jews would again be subject to the Muslim ban
of 1267 C.E. that forbids them to enter the Temple Mount or go beyond the
seventh step to the Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron. Now, as the 1996 date
for the later phase of negotiation over the city's status approaches, the
issue of the Temple Mount and the aspirations of those in the Temple
Movement to rebuild the Temple have again taken center stage.

'Several new excavations have catapulted the Temple issue into focus.
First, the Israeli Antiquities Authority recently mounted one of their most
ambitious undertakings at the southwestern wall of the Temple Mount. At its
base, archaeologists have uncovered important remains of the Second Temple,
including early inscriptions and a later prayer for rebuilding it. They
also revealed the remains of a large 1,300-year-old Umayyad dynasty Islamic
palace next to the site, which was constructed of stones from the destroyed
Temple. At present, the Antiquities Authority is dismantling this palace to
expose other Temple-related structures and the Herodian period street that
lies beneath....

'...this spring Gershon Salomon, head of the Temple Mount Faithful
Movement, issued a letter to supporters stating that excavations would soon
begin in order to recover the Temple Treasures, which include the Ark of
the Covenant, believed by the Orthodox to still remain hidden beneath the
Muslim structures....

'A second excavation provoking controversy is on Mount Gerazim, at the foot
of which lies the Islamic-occupied city Nablus (biblical Shechem). There,
for the first time in history, an exact replica of the Temple in Jerusalem
has been discovered by Israeli archaeologists. Guided by the record of the
first-century Jewish historian Flavius Josephus, an excavation team under
the direction of Yitzhak Magen, Israel's chief archaeologist for Judea and
Samaria, unearthed the srtucture beneath the flooring of the Mary Theotokos
church, a 5th-century C.E. Byzantine church first uncovered in the 1920s.

'According to Josephus, the replica temple was built by a Jerusalem high
priest named Menashe, whose marriage to a Samaritanforced him to leave the
Temple service and reside with the Samaritans. Menashe's Temple stood until
133 B.C.E. So far, the Temple's walls, northern gate, sacrificial altar,
ritual remains and numerous inscriptions, have been uncovered. Like the
Jerusalem excavations, this dig is being prepared for the increased tourism
expected in 1996 with Jerusalem's [year] 3000 celebrations. The excavations
are significant for Jews seeking to rebuild the Jerusalem Temple, since now
an exact copy of the original Temple exists....

'In a related find, Temple researchers were excited by Shenkar Institute's
discovery of a remnant of the priestly purple dye on a 2,000 year-old
fabric from Masada. This color, though thought lost, was known to have been
extracted from secretions of the murex snail. The presence of these
secretions on the ancient fabric has provided scientific verification of
the actual color, which those in the Temple Movement consider essential to
the future restoration of the priestly service. Rabbi Ben Gershon, of the
Temple Institute, said the find provides information necessary for
reinstituting the sacred service.

'As a result of these excavations and their timely focus on the Temple
Mount controversy, architects of the 'peace process' will be forced to
first resolve the issue of the holy places in their 1996 negotiations'
('The Messianic Times,' summer 1995, article 'Temple dig ignites
hostility,' Dr. Randall Price, p.1, 10).

'The Temple was at the center of God's purposes with the Jewish people. As
the place of God's Presence, it regulated the daily life of all Israel and
was the focal point of its prayers. However, this changed in 70 C.E. when
the Roman army destroyed the Second Temple. Thereafter, Jews in the
Diaspora, and now in Eretz Yisrael, commemorate this day of sorrow by
fasting and reading from 'Megillah 'Ecah' (the biblical book of
Lamentations).

'Many Orthodox Jews look forward to a future celebration on this day with
the physical rebuilding of the Third Temple. Gershon Salomon, leader of the
Temple Mount Faithful Movement, has said that this Tisha B'Av (August 6)
will be the last before the Temple is built and sackcloth will be exchanged
for holy garments of joy...' ('The Messianic Times,' same issue, article
The Temple Beyond Time,' Randall Price, p.11).

To reach Triumph Prophetic Ministries (Church of God) by phone, please
call: (818)797-0075

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Transponder Update

RF/ID TAGS: PLEASE PHONE HOME_
Automatic I.D. News
January, 1995

Radio Computer Tags combine an onboard processor with satellite/Internet
communications to call in their whereabouts

An RF/ID tag that can initiate communications to the Internet and report
its whereabouts? A system that simultaneously locates and identifies
thousands of assets over a wide area? True quantum leaps in technology read
like a magical kids' story...

Savi Technology of Mountain View, CA, recently received the White House
Office of Technology's 1994 Grand Award, given to the small business that
has developed the year's "most important new technology/product with strong
commercial potential." It's easy to see why. The company has taken radio
frequency tags beyond simple identification tags and made them portable
computers with a full range of capabilities. The Savi system simultaneously
locates and identifies thousands of assets over a wide area.

The manufacturer says its tags and management system differ from other
RF/ID tags in several ways:

* SaviTags and hand-held interrogators have a range of more than 300  feet.
Data may be read from or written to tags at this distance, regardless of
orientation or location. Savi's cellular RF/ID approach enables coverage of
up to four acres for each interrogator. Multiple readers can be linked
together to give nearly unlimited reading areas. The hand-held interrogator
can read, write and activate a tag's "beeper," making the tagged asset
easier to locate.

* Savi's proprietary Batch Collection algorithm allows a single antenna to
collect data from hundreds of tags virtually simultaneously.

* SaviTags operate at an extremely low transmitter power and require no
license. The tags operate below the FCC Part 15 power level. The design
allows them to operate at 315 MHz and 433.92 without interference,
according  to the manufacturer.

The Savi system uses a variety of transponder tags to identify assets.  The
tags, which have a memory capacity of up to 128,000 bytes, are powered by
lithium/ manganese dioxide batteries with a five-year battery life.

New developments include the ability to program the tag with an Internet
address and certain instructions: what to do if the tag has not been read
before a certain time, if it arrives and is read at a given location, if
the  container it tags is opened. The tag is able to initiate a message,
which is  sent to an interrogator, which collects the data and forwards it
to a UNIX  box that hooks to a modem.

The company has also developed a portable solar-powered reader that can  be
put on a tripod and can relay data to low-earth satellites.

Savi is incorporating a special security feature that includes automatic
truck identification and lock opening as well as tamper sensors for rail
cars, trucks and onboard containers.

_MITLA contract_

Savi's $70-million sole-source procurement contract with MITLA (the  armed
force's microcircuit technology in logistics applications) has kept the
company extremely busy, and also out of the limelight in commercial
applications. However, the spotlight focused by the White House award
convinced Savi President Rob Reis that the time is right to carefully
investigate commercial applications for the Savi system.

In addition to numerous MITLA projects, the company has completed an
installation for Alberta, Canada's Department of transportation for asphalt

truck tracking, and is now working with several large rail and shipping
companies. "We've been elephant hunting," says Schwartz, describing how the
company is carefully picking its commercial market targets.

"Freight forwarders and shippers want proof positive that something was
delivered and when. Our device tells them when something is late or early
and when it's been opened." But what really sets the technology apart, he
says, is the ability to interrogate an entire shipyard of tags nearly
simultaneously. Also, an individual tag or those in a given category can be
located on screen.

_Finding assets_

The FindTag software program can estimate the location of a SaviTag by
measuring the tag's received signal strength within the Interrogator micro-
cell network. Tag OS asset management software uses a database to correlate
tag IDs to data about the assets. To find a particular item, the operator
clicks on the icon representing that item and selects its characteristics;
then the item's location is highlighted on a computer map. The Savi system
can also remotely monitor the location and security of trucks and trailers,
controlling their movement.

Contributing Editors Gabe Shapiro and John Cady describe the application
of Savi technology for hazardous waste material in the overview story that
starts on page 28.  In the military, the The SaviTag system applications
include tracking of  hazardous materials and munitions between Europe and
the U.S., tracking  equipment and material in and out of Somalia, Bosnia,
Haiti and Korea; and  tracking jet engine parts. The U.S. Army is using the
Savi System for its  Global In-Transit Visibility program, which ties Savi
interrogators into its  satellite system, to locate assets anywhere in the
transportation pipeline.

It may also be used to re-route cargo while in transit. New destination
information may be written to the tag while the cargo is en route. When it
reaches a port or transportation hub, the container is immediately
redirected to its new destination.

For more information, contact Savi Technology, 450 National Ave.,
Mountian View, CA 94043-2238.

++++++++++++++++++++++

Big Bro Sells Spy Cam as "Better Quality of Life"
AEN News
January 28, 1996

Pena Announces National Initiative To Build  Intelligent Transportation Infrastructure

     Washington - Forty years ago President Eisenhower and the  Congress
paved the way for a better quality of life for future  generations by
signing a law creating the federal interstate  highway system.  As the 21st
century approaches, the U.S.  Department of Transportation is looking to
use technology as the  means to build the transportation infrastructure
needed to  improve the quality of life for future generations.

      With  Operation TimeSaver, Transportation Secretary Federico Pena
today launched a new initiative designed to cut the daily travel time of
Americans living in congested metropolitan areas by 15 percent over the
next ten years, and give that time back to Americans.

     "I believe it's time we set a new surface transportation goal,"
Secretary Pena said during a speech to the Transportation Research Board
annual meeting in Washington, D.C.  "Let us set a national goal:  To build
an Intelligent Transportation Infrastructure across the United States,
within a decade, to save time and lives and improve the quality of life for
Americans."

     "Commuting two and three hours a day takes away time Americans could
spend on the job, or at home with the kids, or exercising, or reading,"
Pena explained.  With Operation TimeSaver, Americans who commute just two
hours a day would save 80 hours a year, the equivalent of two weeks work.

     Operation TimeSaver challenges state and local transportation planners
to "buy smart" by investing in an arsenal of new technological tools to
keep the flow of people and goods moving more smoothly, safely, and with
less impact on the environment.

     The Intelligent Transportation Infrastructure (ITI)  includes:

* The latest traffic information at your fingertips through your home
computer, cable television, kiosk, telephone, car phone or beeper;

* Traffic control centers that use radar beacons, closed circuit video
cameras, and in-road sensors to monitor major roadways and arterials and
then provide up-to-the-minute traffic and road condition information to
travelers;

* Enhanced dispatch systems that can quickly detect crashes or breakdowns
and alert emergency serviceproviders; and

* Smart emergency response vehicles that can send a message to a traffic
signal to stay green so they can pass through an intersection.

     Pena cited the following areas where transportation planners are
laying the foundation for the ITI, and people are already noticing the
difference:

*In Seattle, an advanced freeway management system has increased interstate
speeds by up to 20 percent, reducing travel time by 50 percent;

*Minnesota Guidestar has Minneapolis/St. Paul residents driving 35 percent
faster during rush hour, cutting their commute dramatically; accident rates
have dropped 25 percent; emergency response time is down by 20 minutes; and
the freeway capacity has increased by 22 percent;

*In Boston, commuters are using SmarTraveler communications systems to get
current traffic information over home phones and car phones.  Fifty- nine
percent of users said using the service saved them time; and

*In Houston, congestion has actually declined since 1984 as a result of an
integrated network of traffic control systems called TransStar.

          "I am setting today a tangible measurement to focus our attention
where congestion is the worst:  our cities and suburbs," Secretary Pena
said. "I want 75 of our largest metropolitan areas with a complete
Intelligent Transportation Infrastructure in 10 years.  And let us make a
similar commitment to upgrade technology of 450 other communities, our
rural roads, and interstates."

     "Businesses lose $40 billion  a year due to congestion.  Just to stay
even with the growth of congestion, we would need to build 34 percent more
highway capacity," Pena said. "Over the next decade, for just 50 cities,
that would cost $150 billion.  For the same 50 cities, implementing an
intelligent infrastructure, from virtually scratch, would cost$10 billion
and increase capacity by two-thirds."

     Currently, federal transportation funding to states can be used to
build almost 100 percent of the ITI,  and many states are using federal
funds for those purposes.  In addition, state and local communities
annually budget additional appropriations for the upkeep and replacement of
their current systems. With Operation TimeSaver, the federal government
will offer advice to these communities on the most efficient way for them
to use their already existing funds to meet the program goal.

     Building the ITI won't mean excessive costs to communities, Pena
stressed, adding that DOT's efforts to encourage private sector partners to
invest in infrastructure projects will continue.  This allows states to
count private sector funds toward their required share of construction
project funding.

     "Our world is changing at an extraordinary pace.  No one can predict
what it will be like 10 years from now," Pena said.  "This country will
always build great highways.  But if we just think in terms of concrete and
steel, we'll miss out on the global communications revolution. Operation
TimeSaver is one step towards making our highways safer and less congested
in the 21st century, and giving our citizens more time to enjoy a better
quality of life.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

Ah, World Peace
THE NEW AMERICAN
January 22, 1996

In a report which was quietly circulated at UN headquarters in late
December, Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali called for the deployment
of a heavily armed multinational combat force -- rather
than lightly armed "peacekeepers" -- to Croatia to buttress the Bosnia
"peace" accord. The envisioned combat force would be assigned to keep vigil
over contested Eastern Slavonia.

Boutros-Ghali's highest priority, it should be noted, is not preventing
bloodshed, or even advancing the empowerment of the UN; it is simple image
maintenance. One illustration of this is found
in the title of the current UN operation in Croatia: the "UN Confidence
Restoration Operation," or UNCRO. The 1,600-troop contingent is composed
primarily of Belgian and Russian personnel.
Boutros-Ghali sought to replace UNCRO with two combat brigades consisting
of 11,300 troops with the mandate to demilitarize local armies and disarm
militias within 30 days.

Boutros-Ghali's desire to preserve the image of the UN has governed
previous decisions in Yugoslavia. In a memo issued last May, Boutros-Ghali
stated that "the credibility of the United Nations is of the utmost
importance and must be safeguarded at all times. Fewthings damage it more
than to give United Nations peacekeepers tasks which cannot be done in
prevailing circumstances." This memo provided the justification for the
UN's decision to let Serb forces massacre Bosnian Muslims in the "safe
area" of Srebrenica last July. It was that massacre which led to an
escalation in U.S. involvement in Bosnia.

The secretary-general's most recent proposal didn't sit well with
diplomatic Insiders, including U.S. Ambassador to the UN Madeleine Albright
(CFR). "I believe it is misguided and counterproductive to argue that the
UN should avoid this operation because of the risk of exacerbating a
negative image of UN activities in the former Yugoslavia," stated Albright.

==================================================================

THE NEW AMERICAN -- January 22, 1996
Copyright 1996 -- American Opinion Publishing, Incorporated
P.O. Box 8040, Appleton, WI  54913

SUBSCRIPTIONS: $39.00/year (26 issues)

WRITTEN PERMISSION FOR REPOSTING REQUIRED: Released for
informational purposes to allow individual file transfer and
non-commercial mail-list transfer only. All other copyright
privileges are reserved. Address reposting requests to
<birch@athenet.net> or the above address.

**************************************



Prophe-Zine's Cool World Wide Web Sites

Christian and Bible Prophecy

htttp://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html
Prophe-Zine's Home Page

http://www.novia.net/~todd/
The Rapture Index

http://www.infi.net/~stegner/
Maranatha (Prophecy Pages)

hhtp://twibp.com/~jvim
Jack Van Impe Ministries

hhtp://twibp.com/~twibp
http://www.niagara.com:80/~twibp/
This Week In Bible Prophecy

http://ionet.net/~wes
Wes Peters web site..COOL prophecy stuff

http://www.infi.net/~stegner
Prophecy & World events web

http://www.io.org/~sower
the Rapture Report

http://www.jews-for-jesus.org
Jews for jesus

http://www.einet.net/galaxy/Arts-and-Humanities/Religion.html
Christian web site

http://www.freenet.ufl.edu/~leo/
Berean Bible Studies

http://www.iclnet.org/pub/resources/text/cri/cri-home.html
Christian Research Institute

http://www.agape.com/laughter.htm
Decieving the Elect

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/PKdates.html
PromiseKeepers 1995 Meeting Dates

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/sevenpromises.html
Seven Promises of a Promise Keeper

One World Sites

http://www.cruzio.com/~tim/wcpa/index.html
World Constitution and Parliament Association

http://www.un.org/
United Nations

http://www.hooked.net/users/aquarian/
Maitreya
(this is who many think might be the Anti-christ)

http://www.sirius.com/~monte/
Emergence of Maitreya

http://www.hooked.net:80/shareint/
Share International
This is the group who is behind Maitreya. They also have a office at the U.N.

http://www.together.org/orgs/wcw/
World Citizen Home page

http://www.worldbank.org/
The World Bank

http://www.eur.nl/iacl/const.html
World Wide Constitutions
this site also has the proposed world costitution

http://www.webcom.com/~worldgov/
Grassroot World Government

http://www.fairfield.com:80/nlp/
the Natural Law Party (Transindental Meditation Political Party (New Age)

http://www.io.com/sjgames/inwo/
Illuminati New World Order card game

http://www.visa.co.
Visa Credit Card (One World One Currency)

http://www.AMS.Med.Uni-Goettingen.DE/~rhilger/Biometry.html
Biometry Home Page

http://www.ess.npl.co.uk/~dsg/afb.html
AfB Biometrics homepage

http://www.miros.com/
Face Recognition by Miros

Some of my favorite places

http://www.buchanan.org/
Pat Buchanan For President

http://www.jpost.co.il/
The Jerusalem Post

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/
The London Telegraph

http://www.fyi.net/~anita/
Outcome Based Education: Patriot's Resource To The Truth

http://home.cdsnet.net/~bonville/obe/obeintro.htm
Outcome Based Education

http://www.townhall.com/
Town Hall (your one stop conservative site)

http://haven.ios.com/~likud/
Likud USA site

http://l0pht.com/~oblivion/patriot.html
Patriots against New World Order

http://www.lookup.com/Homepages/60166/other.html
Patriot sites List

http://www.strategicsw.com/
Strategic Solutions West (where I work)





35





