Prophe-Zine, Issue # 17
April 15, 1996

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 17
Arthur & Rosalind Eedie.... The Ark Of The Covenant
Bob Schlenker .............The Sign for the Church
David M. Williams ........Messianic Prophecy
Prophe-Zine News Bites..... Assorted Authors and News Services

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on the
1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet. You can also get back issues at Prophe-Zine's web site.
Address: http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in Matthew 28:19:
                  "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine
Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1996 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from the
author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, , Color-It, JPEGview, OnLine Bible KJV 2.1.

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

*****************************
Welcome to Issue # 17

Howdy all,

Boy does time fly when you are having fun. I just got done sending you the
last issue of PZ and here once again it is that time again. No rest for the
weary I guess.

A lot has been happening in the world. Israel is being bombed and fighting
back (also made to look like the bad guys, in which they are not!!!)
England is about to give up ALL is sovereignty to the EU, Volcanoes in CA
and pacific going off again, Russia and their elections...Say did you hear
about their secret bases that they are building again? The anniversary of
OK bombing and the liberal press having a hay day demonizing the Patriot
movement. So much is going on that I could put out a newsletter out about
allthis stuff. Another thing...for those of you who visit Todd Strandbergs
Rapture Index...He has hit a new high number of 138(?). Check it out.

I also want to say I am sorry about getting the issue out late. I had jury
duty, I had the flu/ bad cold, and my office is in the middle of a move
(where I put PZ together) So alot has been happening and I hope you can
forgive me.

I want to say I am sorry to Ray Clark, one of the authors from last issue.
I did not do a spell check and thus my typing skills were noticed ( I
suck...ok) These spelling errors were mine and not Rays and I felt that it
reflected on his work. SO again Ray I am sorry for the possible Bad PR.
Other than that, it was an ASSUME article and MANY readers wrote in about
it! JFYI, when you like an article, PLEASE write me and the author, we can
really use the encouragement. Plus when the authors know that their
articles are liked, they will do more of them.

Well that is all for now. See ya soon and keep telling your friends about PZ.

In His service,
Ray
PZ

*****************************

THE ARK OF THE COVENANT

First published in:
THE PROPHETIC TELEGRAPH
No.78 January 1996
From Arthur & Rosalind Eedie.
Oxleigh, Langham Rd, Mumby, Alford, Lincs,
LN13 9SQ, England.
(Phone/Fax: 01754 872539)

          In November of last year when writing P.T.73. I closed with a
mention of the possible discovery of the Ark of the Covenant in Jerusalem.
Since then I have had the opportunity of following this up, and have found
what seems to be conclusive evidence. My earlier account contained some
errors, for example, I had assumed that it was Jonathan Gray who made the
discovery whereas in fact it was Ron Wyatt. from Nashville, Tennessee. I
would like to apologise for this error, due to the scanty information
available to me just two months ago. And now, in this number of the
Telegraph, I should like to share the facts as revealed in an address given
by Jonathan Gray in a London church on Saturday 7th October 1995. a Video
of which we have now seen, and also an address given by Ron Wyatt in
Nashville.

          What had totally escaped my notice was the date. The Ark was
found  on 6th January 1982. exactly 14 years ago, but was kept secret by
request of the Israeli Government. Although I cannot claim to have all the
"inside information", I have gathered that permission has recently been
granted to advertise the find, though not the exact location, and that this
year is likely to be the time for the Ark. and its precious content (the
two tablets of the law) to be made known to the world.

          Before beginning the amazIng story of this discovery, I must say
that the whole episode has been compassed about by miracle. God has set His
seal upon this most holy artifact of the past, and shown that it has some
great significance for the days just ahead, whether in fact or in type. And
the impact that it will have on world Jewry can hardly be estImated.

          The story begins in 1978, when Ron Wyatt was swimming in the sea
At Ashkelon, one of the ancient cities of the Philistines. He stubbed his
toe on something, and found that it was the rim of a large pot. Further
investigation revealed that it was a Canaanite burial pot, the like of
which archaeologist had long been searching for but had hitherto not found.
When this news was brought to the Director of Antiquities in Jerusalem, he
was delighted, and the event, seemingly by "accident", proved to be the
means of cementing a relationship which was to serve a greater purpose
later.

          A short while afterwards, Ron was standing talking to the
Director of Antiquities, facing the cliff known as Golgotha,or Calvary.
(These words. both meaning place of skull are respectively Hebrew and
Latin.) Suddenly Ron found his arm shooting out, and he pointed, saying
"There's Jeremiah's Grotto - that rubbish heap - the Ark of the Covenant
must be in there!" The Director answered spontaneously, "Then you must find
It."  But Ron was surprised at himself. He had no thought in his mind about
the Ark, and couldn't understand why he had made the remark. This was
miracle number one. and the Director's enthusiastic response and request
for him to find the Ark was miracle number two - a most unlikely offer,
seeing it was given to a foreigner, and that it Concerned THE most holy,
sought-after artifact in the Jewish world.

          However, Ron needed to get back to the States, and so a whole
year went by before he returned with two others, to begin the dig. Meeting
again with the Director. he learned that the site was jointly owned by an
Arab and a European. Both needed to give permission to excavate the site.
Most surprisingly, BOTH gave that permission without even asking what they
were looking for! This was miracle number three.

          And so in that year, 1979, the arduous slow job of removing tons
of accumulated rubbish began. Their dig was more or less in front of the
"Skull", and quite near to Gordon's tomb. Beginning at the top of the pile,
they painstakingly removed load after load of rubbish, and eventually came
upon a ledge in which they found three post-holes hacked out of the rock.
Each of these holes was about 13 inches square in shape, and some three
feet deep. Furthermore. each hole had a "plug" in the top, which contained
finger holes for easy removal. It was quite obvious what they had found. It
was the site of the crucifixions, the wooden stakes being lowered into
these post holes, which would later be plugged until needed again.

          Behind the post holes was the cliff face, and at a height of
about 12 feet, there were ledges cut into the rock, on which could be set
the details of the crimes committed by those who were crucified. The middle
one was clearly the most significant, and was reserved for the worst
criminal. We read that Pilate ordered them to write "This is Jesus of
Nazareth, the King of the Jews" a statement which greatly angered Caiaphas
and the Sanhedrin, but they had no authority to change it.

          Amongst the rubbish they found several Coins, none of which was
later than A.D. 130, and this showed that the site was afterwards covered
up and disused. This date fits in well with history, because the final
destruction of Jerusalem came after the Bar-Cochba revolt in A.D.132-135.

          Further excavation at this level revealed the remains of a
building measuring 40 feet out from the cliff-face, and 22 feet wide, that
had at one time been constructed over the central post hole. This was
thought to be a chapel used by early Christians, who venerated the site of
the master's great sacrifice. This idea was given further impetus by the
discovery of a huge circular stone on the floor of this building, Quite
near to the post hole. The stone measured 13 feet 2 inches in diameter, and
about nine inches thick. It was known that stones of this sort were used to
roll in front of sepuchral caves. But this one was huge!

          Investigation was made at the entrance to the cave known as
"Gordon's tomb". which was discovered in 1882 by General Gordon on his way
home from his historic Chinese campaign. He was not satisfied with the
traditional site of the crucifixion, the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.
founded by Queen Helena, mother of Constantine the Great, because it was
WITHIN the city walls, and could not therefore Qualify as being the site
according to Scripture. But the "place of the skull" was just outside the
Damascus Gate. and by the highway that led to Samaria, and therefore mat
all the conditions. Searching led himto the discovery of the actual site of
Jesus' burial.

          As I said. investigation was made at the entrance to this tomb,
and in the wall ware found two holes, exactly 13 feet 2 inches apart, in
which metal rods were originally inserted to act as a "seal" to the tomb.
The metal rod on the right. as you face the tomb, was missing, but the one
on the left was still in place, showing all the signs of having been
sheared off by some mighty force.

          Here was clear evidence that the huge stone found above in the
chapel, was indeed the stone used to cover the entrance to Jesus' tomb. It
was a mighty stone, as the Scriptures declare, and one that would have
taken many men to roll back, up the slope. to the left of the tomb. But
whoever moved the stone. did so WITHOUT removing the two-inch-thick metal
rod. In other words, it was the work of the Angel, who, we are told,
"rolled back the stone". Incidentally, the stone could not have been rolled
to the right because a stone block had been built into the gully,
presumably to arrest the movement of the stone as it was rolled into
position. (Incidentally, quite recently the tomb of Herod the Great has
been found in Jerusalem, and the stone measured.just four and a half feet
in diameter. Exactly one third the diameter of the huge stone that Joseph
of Arimathea had made for his sepulchre.)

          Thus far in the dig, conclusive evidence had been obtained that
this was the true site of the crucifixion, and that the early church had
built a chapel of remembrance over the post hold and the great stone. It
had already been known that Skull Hill was the traditional site for
burials, Moslem, Jewish, and Christian. And that in antiquity it was the
place where criminals were stoned to death. (In the Mishna it is called
"Beth ha-Sekelah", literally "House of Stoning") It was here that Stephen
was stoned. Also it was the recognised place of public execution for Jewish
criminals. As late as the beginning of the 20th century Jews would spit at
the hill, throw stones, and curse the "destroyer of their nation." All this
is clear evidence that it was the true scene of Christ's crucifixion and
burial.

          But further investigation showed another important fact. Inside
the middle post-hole, the one which was used to hold the Cross of Jesus,
they found a crack on the left side. leading down into the rock. Here was
the evidence of the earthquake that occurred the moment that Jesus died.
This finding was of supreme importance. but was not appreciated until much
later.

          The excavators had not as yet found the entrance to any cave that
might house the Ark. The work was exhausting and slow, as lorry-load after
lorry-load of rubbish was carted away. Two years went by, and the three men
ware getting weary and somewhat discouraged. By this time they were digging
a narrow trench against the rock face, and there was only room for one man
to work there at a time. And so they would take it in turns, whilst the
other two would take a rest on the ground above.

          Suddenly one day, when Ron Wyatt was digging at the bottom of the
trench, he looked up and standing there above him was a very tall man
dressed in typical flowing Arabic garments.

          "God bless you, Ron Wyatt, for what you are doing."

          "Who are you? How did you know what we are doing?"

          "I know it all. "

          "D'you live round here?"

          "No I don't."

          "How d'you know my name? where d'you come from?"

          "I've Just come from South Africa, and I'm on my way to the New
Jerusalem. God bless you."

          Ron jumped up as the man walked away. Reaching the top of the
trench he asked the other two which way the man went. They said that they
hadn't seen anyone. It was then that Ron realised an Angel had been sent to
give them encouragement, to spur them on. This was miracle number four.

          With  renewed  enthusiasm,  they hacked away until they  reached
a point where there were signs of a cave entrance. It was January 1982, and
four years from when Ron exclaimed to the Director about Jeremiah's rubbish
heap. Hastily they broke through into a cave, but the hole was too small
for any of them to crawl through. Giving a torch to a small boy, the son of
the Arab who was joint-owner of the land, he climbed through. but shot out
again very rapidly, looking as white as a ghost.

          "What's in there? What's in there?" he exclaimed, and since then
has refused to tell anyone what ha saw.

          The hole was enlarged until it was of sufficient size to allow
Ron to crawl through. It was 2 p.m. on January 6th. Ron found himself in a
large chamber measuring 22 feet from the entrance to the back wall, 14
feet. wide. and about. 8 feet from floor to roof. There before him were
sacred items of furniture from Solomon's Temple, the Altar of Burnt
offering, the Table of Showbread, and the Altar of Incense. They were
covered over with skins, over which were placed lengths of timber, and on
top of these were lumps of rock and stone.

          But Ron became aware that at the back of the cave there was
something else, and it had been enclosed within a wall, so that only the
top of it could be seen. As his eyes became accustomed to the dim light. so
he realised that he was looking at two Cherubim with wings outstretched
over the Mercy Seat. It was the Ark of the Covenant! Ron collapsed and
fainted, and was unconscious for 45 minutes. Coming to, he crawled out and
announced his discovery. The Director of Antiquities was informed, and he
hurried to the site, and began to enter the cave, but on doing so his back
collapsed and he had to be taken to hospital where he remained paralysed
for nearly two weeks. He was later heard to say that he would never again
try to enter the Cave and see the Ark. This was miracle number five.

          Ron took a Polaroid camera into the cave and photographed the
Ark. On immediate development,  the film was found to be fogged, not
entirely but just over the portion where the Ark was. He then tried using
his 35 mm camera, and when these shots came out they likewise showed
fogging. Then a Video camera was used and the same effect was apparent.
Some strange thing was happening to prevent the world from seeing the Ark.
This was miracle number six. I have now seen the footage of this video, and
all is clear except where the Ark rests, and in front of it there is a
golden mist. Ron has pencilled in the outline of what he saw and the
Cherubim are of human form with wings outspread over the Ark.

          At this stage, a Jewish official suddenly decided to halt all
further work on the site. It was a severe blow, and Ron and his friends
prayed that God might over-rule. The prayer was answered almost
immediately, because the man had a heart attack and died. This was miracle
number seven.

          Another man showed great curiosity and interest in what was going
on, and tried to prise out of Ron what he was doing and where he was
working, but Ron refused to divulge any information. However, this man was
determined, and followed the party about surrepticiously until he finally
saw what they were doing. Calling a press conference for 9 am the next
morning, he prepared himself to blast their secret into the open. But the
following morning at 8 am he was found dead in an alley way, in a pool of
blood, having been shot by the PLO on some unrelated matter. This was
miracle number eight.

          When the Jewish Authorities were told about this find, they were
put in a very difficult position. They had living within the land religious
extremists who would stop at nothing if they could but see the Ark, and
know that it was genuine. already there had been attempts to blow up the
Dome of the Rock, the Arabic sacred site which rests over the place where
Abraham was to sacrifice his son Isaac. This mosque rests on the Temple
platform, and many Jews would do anything to get it removed, so that they
could build a new Temple on the site. The discovery of the Ark would be the
greatest single event to spur them on at all costs, but would engulf the
Middle East in a "holy war" of unimaginable horror and devastation.

          The result was that the Israeli Parliament has asked Ron to build
a door to the cave, cover it with earth, and plant shrubs to disguise the
site. And there it has remained for the last fourteen years. I have no idea
what the Israelis have in mind for this Year, but if they decide to make
the Ark Public, then I am led to wonder what will happen. Will the Lord
allow it? The strange happenings thus far indicate that God is still very
interested in the preservation of His holy furniture.

          But although we have come this far, the story does not end here.
I mentioned earlier that there was a crack in the rock on the left side of
the middle post-hole, a crack that had been caused by an earthquake. It was
only when Ron Wyatt investigated the ark of the Covenant in more detail
that he realised what he was looking at. Right above the left hand side of
the Mercy Seat the roof of the chamber shows a large fissure, and within
this fissure there are copious quantities of dried human blood.
Furthermore, on the Mercy Seat itself there is a large amount of dried
blood. When measurements were taken, they found that the crack in the
post-hole led down to the fissure below, and so it was possible for blood
to trickle through.

          It will be remembered that AFTER Jesus had died, and the
earthquake rent the rocks, a Roman soldier pierced the Lord's side with a
spear. Presumably the spear entered the Lord's heart or spleen, because
"blood and water" flowed out. The Lord had died of a broken heart, crushed
by the agony of carrying the load of this world's sin. His death had not
been the normal death of one who had been crucified. The two thieves had
their legs broken to accelerate death, necessary to comply with Jewish
legislation, that no man should remain there on the Sabbath, which was due
to begin at about 6 pm that day.

          And so it was that God the Father had rent the rocks to make a
way for His Son's blood to flow down from the spear-wound, through the
newly formed fissure onto the very Mercy Seat itself. Now just think about
this for a moment. Jeremiah had deposited the Ark in the cave some six
centuries B.C., with absolutely no knowledge of the events which were to
occur on Good Friday. The Romans who hacked out the post-holes had
absolutely no knowledge of what lay beneath their feet, nor that they were
positioning the CENTRAL hole in exactly the right place. And until the Lord
had died, there was no way for blood to trickle down because there was no
crack. But these Amazing coincidences actually happened. Yes, they ARE
coincidences,  because everything had to COINCIDE exactly for it to happen,
but there was never any human design - it was entirely the work of God in
Heaven, who knew the end from the beginning, and arranged for it to happen
in that way. This is miracle number nine, and it is a "miracle of
miracles." In Hebrews we read. "It is not possible for the blood of bulls
and goats to take away sin, - - but Thou hast prepared a body for me - -
and lo, I come to do Thy will O God." "By His own blood He entered in once
and for all into the Holy Place having obtained eternal redemption for us."
(10:4-7 and 9:12) .

          None of the O.T. sacrifices were able to take away sin. Only the
blood of the Son of God could do that. But the children of Israel were
accepted as a result of their sacrifices by virtue of faith in the spoken
word of God, and the sacrificial laws. Because Jesus was the Lamb slain
from the foundation of the world in God's foreknowledge. He was able to
accept the sacrifices of His people BEFORE Christ came into the world.
Calvary was the Hub of History. They looked forward. We look back. Each
acts in faith, the one in prospect. the other in remembrance.

          Before Ron closed the cave, he took some of the dried blood that
had been kept undisturbed for nearly 2000 years and presented it to a
laboratory for testing. Using an electron microscope it was possible to
find the chromosomal content of the blood. Ron described it in his address
at Nashville, saying that normal human blood contains 46 chromosomes, 23
from each parent. X chromosomes are female, and Y chromosomes are male. All
23 ware present from the mother, but ONLY ONE chromosome was present, the Y
chromosome. showing that the blood belonged to a male, but that HE HAD NO
HUMAN FATHER. This is miracle number ten. The Lord had preserved the blood
until man had the technological means of determining the chromosomal
content of the blood, thereby to prove that the Virgin birth was no myth,
but VERY FACT.

          These are the ten miracles connected with the discovery of the
Ark of the Covenant. There may be others that I have missed, I don't know.
But surely enough has been given to provide us all with such an amazing
extra proof of our Lord's sacrifice and what it means, that all evangelism
must change into top gear. I praythat this little paper may become a useful
tool to use in this respect. Please feel free to copy it if you wish. There
is never any copyright on any of our papers. We only ask that COMPLETE
copies be made, so that ambiguities do not arise.

          I should now like to share another item of news in connection
with the above scenario. I have a valued friend and brother in Christ who
is a retired Doctor of Medicine. In an excited telephone conversation with
me a short while ago he said that Ron Wyatt's testimony about the
chromosomes had caused him to question whether it would be possible for
anyone to have blood so depleted in chromosomal content. Being a man of
faith and action, he committed this to the Lord, asking for a clear sign
that all was well.

          Not many days passed before he picked up the New Scientist for
7th October 1995,  and there on page 16 he found the following heading -

THE BOY WHOSE BLOOD HAS NO FATHER

He could hardly believe his eyes! The author, Philip Cohen, quoting an
article by David Bonthron and his colleagues at Edinburgh university in
Nature Genetic (Volume 11, page 164) explained that a certain three
year-old boy had bean found whose white blood cells contain only two X
Chromosomes, the signal for a female. To cut a long story short, they went
on to explain that the probable cause was a self-activating unfertilised
ovum which had subsequently (after a short time) become fertilised in the
normal way. The sperm would then have entered only a PART of the divided
ovum, thereby creating this most unusual affect. Bonthron believed that the
boy's remarkable genetics depended on a number of highly unusual
circumstances combining together, and occurring within a very short time
window. "I don't expect we'll ever see another one. " he said.

          Here was yet another miracle! Our Doctor friend had been given
information about an incredibly rare condition, yes, but the TIMING of the
article in New Scientist was a true gift from God. The little boy's
chromosomes do not match those of our Lord, but present what Cohen called
"partial parthenogenesis", (parthenogenesis is the biologist's name for
Virgin Birth.) however, the similarity was such that it proved the
possibility of a human being existing with a considerable depletion in his
chromosomal count .

          And finally. what about those other reported cases of the finding
of the Ark of the Covenant? I have left this until last so as not to spoil
the TRUE story by preluding it with the spurious.

          I find it interesting, Almost intriguing, to realise that Steven
Spielberg's film "Raiders of the Lost Ark" should have come out for general
release in 1981. I remember watching it at the time, and wondered what he
was trying to say, being of Jewish origin. The supernatural affects he
attributed to the holiness of the Ark certainly had their parallel in the
finding of the real Ark.

          But late in that very year, an announcement was made by another
team, saying that they had located the Ark in a cave in Mount Nebo, the
mountain where Moses viewed the Promised Land before his death. This team
included Tom Crotser, Jim Bollinger, and the astronaut Jim Irwin. Irwin had
earlier been interviewed on BBC Television by Richard  Baker. who asked
him, "What are you doing now?" And amongst other things he said. "I'm
helping to find the Ark of the Covenant in Jordan." But it was in the
Christmas 1981 issue of Far Eastern Berean that a panelled quotation
appeared, taken from the Straits Times of Singapor,. entitled "We found the
lost Ark claim!"

          And so, on BBC 1 in January 1982 (at the very time when Ron Wyatt
was breaking through into the cave) Tom Crotser was interviewed, and he
showed photographs of the Ark. Furthermore there was a guarded note to this
effect in the Jerusalem Post. Now we may very well ask why Crotser was able
to obtain clear photographs, whereas Wyatt was not. And I shall leave it to
my readers to ponder that question. Incidentally, I have not personally
heard anything more about this find in Mount Nebo, except that it is sited
in a position belonging to both the Vatican and the Jordanian government,
the latter being adamant in refusing anyone to remove the artifact.

          An American archaeologist by the name of David Lutz made the
following statement.

          "One rabbi told me this discovery would not only promote the
building of the Temple on Mount Moriah in Jerusalem, but would also signal
the end of the Diaspora, the dispersion of the Jewish people. It would be
as influential as a spoken command from the Almighty to all Jewish parsons
to coma home to the Promised Land. To Christians it would be a clear signal
that we are nearing the end or this age and the beginning of the Messianic
Kingdom."

          No wonder there is great excitement Amongst many people, whether
they be Jews or Christians. One wonders why the timing of the event on
God's calendar is just now. Are we entering the "crossroads of history"?
And if so, then we shall need to know which route to take. I am in no
position to Say whether the Israeli government will make a move just now.
but the facts are already out And being advertised quite widely, and this
in itself is creating quite a stir. It is doing to us what the Angel did to
Ron wyatt - spur us on with greater vigour than ever before to be ready for
the Lord's return.

          Many people have drawn up plans from prophecy. some say that much
still needs to be done before the second coming, but in doing so they
destroy the urgency of our Lord's words, "Watch and pray for you know. not
the day or the hour - and again I say, watch." The interpretation of
prophecy, particularly in the Christian dispensation, has never been an
easy task, and we may very well be depriving ourselves of the very thing we
need to "trim our lamps" and make ourselves ready. Who knows? We are living
in days of electrifying excitement spiritually, and it behoves us to "love
His appearing" , and "purify ourselves, even as He is pure".

          So what is the artifact in Mount Nebo? I do not accuse Crotser
lying. He certainly found something. But what is it? My guess is that it is
a REPLICA of the true Ark, made in Jeremiah's day, and deposited in the
cave according to the words that are found in 2 Maccabees 2:4-8. Why should
Jeremiah do this? Because he was a man of great integrity and honour
towards the Lord, and he lived Amongst people, even his OWN people, who
were dishonest to the Core. They would be watching his every move, and
wanting to know what he was doing. This would mean that SOMEONE would find
the Ark and raid it. and he didn't want that to happen. So he made a
replica, and took it to Mount Nebo. In the event, even this replica has not
been found until recent days.

          There is yet another story about the Ark which needs a mention
before I conclude this paper. In 1992 Graham Hancock wrote a book,
published by William Heinemann, entitled "The Sign and the Seal". It is the
account of his travels in Ethiopia in search of the Ark, which by tradition
is held in great secrecy by a people who have a strange mixture of Judaism
and ChristianIty. Hancock was never able to gain access to the building
where this Ark is kept, and which is closely guarded by a monk by the name
of Abba Fameray.

          The story goes that King Solomon sired a son by the Queen of
Sheba, whose name was menelech and when Menelech was in his late teens he
travelled to Jerusalem, and was treated very well by Solomon, who asked
what gift he would like to take back with him. "The Ark of the Covenant",
he said, which prompted an immediate negative response of course. Menelech
was not well pleased with this refusal, and later brought several
companions with him, and stole the Ark in the dead of night, and
transported it to Ethiopia, where it has rested until this very day. This
story may be found in the Encyclopedia Britannica and it adds that the Ark
now rests in a town called Axum. This is a highly unlikely tale, and would
have been a major embarrassment to the children of Israel if they found
that it had been stolen. No doubt a "holy war" would Have been raised by
Solomon to regain this priceless treasure. But no. There is no mention of
it anywhere else, save in Ethiopia.

          So what do THEY have in that land, which they guard so carefully?
I believe it could be yet another replica, not taken in Solomon's day, but
probably in Jeremiah's day or thereabouts.

Finally, a few addresses for those who would like to write:

(a) to Jonathan Gray
P.O.Box 3370,
Rundle Mall, Adelaide, South Australia. 5000

(b) to Ron Wyatt
Wyatt Archaeological Research,
713, Lambert Drive,
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.A. 37220

(c) to the British H.Q. of Advent Truth
P.O.Box 41,
Derby, DE1 9ZR, England
from whom the Various Videos. tapes,  and books may be obtained.

******************************

The Sign for the Church
By Bob Schlenker
Editor of The Open Scroll
A Christian Research Ministries Publication

Those of us who are eagerly anticipating the promised gathering of the dead
and living in Christ long for any sign of that event's breaking forth on
the horizon. Informed Christians rejoice to see the unstable and turbulent
character of society and of the whole creation as foretold in the Olivet
discourse because we understand that these things must first increase. As
we are seeing other similar signs like the development of what must be the
"mark of the beast" technology in the implanted transponder micro-chip, the
increasing functionality of a unified world order, the potential for the
soon restoration of animal sacrifice and offering on the temple mount,
etc., it seems that the time of our departure to be with the Lord in the
heavenlies could perhaps come at any moment. However, it has come to my
attention that although there are many signs of the nearness of our Lord's
coming to fulfill his most precious promises to us, there is one, a
solitary event, which has been declared in the scriptures to be the very
sign for the Church.

That's right, a sign for the Church. I myself was weaned on the notion that
the Church would be raptured without warning, without prior notice, and
that there would be no sign given by which to gauge the nearness of our
Lord's coming for his Bride. Personally, this theory seemed to work just
fine until I reached a certain point in my passionate quest to understand
what lay before us. I reached an impasse. I found myself returning to the
same passage again and again as if I were in a loop. I knew that I had to
resolve the puzzle before me if I were to proceed. As I undertook the
resolution of this passage which was for me so problematic, I was brought
into a deeper level of understanding about the biblical text. The author of
the scriptures had encrypted His Word, placing within the text the keys to
unlock its meaning.

What we must first necessarily come to grips with is the fact that matters
have been concealed in the Bible and are only understood when the Lord
gives the understanding. Our Lord declared in Luke 8:16-17:

"No one lights a lamp and hides it in a jar or puts it under a bed.
Instead, he puts it on a stand, so that those who come in can see the
light. {17} For there is nothing hidden that will not be disclosed, and
nothing concealed that will not be known or brought out into the open".

The disclosing of the hidden matter is the lamplighter's task. It is the
knowledge of the secrets of the kingdom of God which will be "brought to
light."  Proverbs 25:2: "It is the glory of God to conceal a matter; to
search out a matter is the glory of kings."

The purpose of this article is to inform you about the sign so that you
will begin to watch for it, learn to recognize it and respond appropriately
when it happens. This will be a crucially important time. Since the "window
of opportunity" for those to be saved during this Church age will close
shortly thereafter, this brief span from the sign to our ingathering will
be most urgent. Please consider the evidence deeply. I will try to be
thorough but not exhaustive in my treatment of this subject, but please
understand that what I will present is merely the foundation. What I would
build upon it, and shall, if the Lord wills, must rest to a large degree
upon this foundation.

What follows reflects my current views and understanding. As such, they do
not necessarily represent the views of "THE MANAGEMENT". Upon further
study, as the Lord yet tarries, my views may change. I offer this
disclaimer because I am but a student at the Lord's feet, fallible and
ignorant. Let's proceed!

What is this sign? Its what the Bible calls the revelation or revealing of
the lawless one. Ironically, through mistranslation and misinterpretation,
the one passage which relates this important teaching is popularly used as
a basis to teach that the Church will be taken to be with the Lord prior to
the lawless one's being revealed. If I'm right about the true meaning of
the passage, the currently popular interpretation may well be found to be
one of the most damaging doctrines of the latter day Church, causing the
ignorant to not only fail to properly prepare for the task at hand but to
actually impede the message trumpeted forth by the faithful and informed.

Please take this opportunity to read the first 12 verses of II
Thessalonians Chapter 2 before you continue reading. Done? OK.

This message is given so that we won't be deceived. This implies that
without the message some would or will be deceived. Let's understand that
the message is targeted by the Deceiver as a matter of extreme importance.
The deception was coming to them in the report that the gathering together
had already passed. Now, I'm curious. Have you heard this teaching lately?
I have. It seems to be gaining popularity once again. Wouldn't it be
upsetting to think that the time we are supposed to be gathered to be with
the Lord had already happened and that we missed it? Of course it would. We
would then have to endure the fullness of the wrath of God as it is poured
out upon the world. What kind of hope would we then have? Not much of one.
Certainly not the full and glorious scope of what God has indeed promised
us! This is why the people were responding by becoming, more accurately
rendered, quickly shaken, emotionally, and frightened.  So, in this passage
we are being informed to keep us from being deceived and to offer comfort.

The event in regards to which the sign is given is commonly known in our
culture as the rapture. This is the event described in I Thessalonians
4:16-17 and I Corinthians 15:52 and is that which will mark the termination
of this age characterized as Gentile Christianity. I say Gentile
Christianity because the inclusion of those who are not Jews or Torah
observant and their status as fellow heirs lends this present time its
unique character, even though the Jews have remained preeminent in many
respects.

We are told these things by Paul as a matter of comfort and as a means to
refute the false claims which had come and would come.  Now, here begins
the problem I have with the logic of the popular interpretation of this
passage.  Can comfort be taken in a vague uncertainties?  Can bearers of
messages asserted to be from authoritative sources be refuted by the same
vague uncertainties. I think not.  If, then, this "rebellion" is a falling
away from true doctrine by the Church, a concept as vague and disputable as
any, how could it possibly be considered as a sign of such a nature as to
offer comfort?  How then could it be offered as evidence in a case against
the validity of the message of  those who say that the day of the Lord has
passed us by?  Knowing the history of the Church and how it so rapidly fell
into decline and corruption in spite of the diligent effort put forth by
the early day apostles to maintain it, would you have argued at any time
against a charge that the Church had not already fallen into that condition
ofapostasy?  And, if it had so early reached such a time of apostasy, what
comfort or sign could this possibly be to any who remain at such a time as
this when the man of lawlessness has even yet to appear on the scene.  See,
based upon the popular interpretation, our Lord's intended comfort
proclaimed via Paul is no comfort at all. And the intended sign is no sign
at all. The message is rendered impotent and useless.

If the message has truly been given for a continuing comfort and further to
declare a certain sign which will precede our gathering to the Lord, it
must contain at its heart certain irrefutable evidence.  It is my assertion
that it does indeed and that its meaning has come to our attention at the
appropriate time ordained by our Lord  to fulfill its intended purpose.
Whatever this word translated "rebellion" means, it is then a sign, a
signal, an indicator and a revelatory event which will precede the coming
of our Lord Jesus Christ and our being gathered to him in the day of the
Lord.

Paul, by revelation, says that the day of the Lord, which includes and here
specifically refers to the gathering of the Christians to the Lord, will
not come until the "rebellion: Greek - apostasia" occurs and the man of
lawlessness is revealed. The word "revealed" is from the Greek,
"apokalupto", which means "unveiled, so as to be visible". I had been
taught that an apostasy comes first, then the rapture, then the revealing
of this man of lawlessness; but I intend to show the fallacy of this
doctrine.  We will find that  apostasia refers to the spiritual nature of
the event which is the unveiling of the man of lawlessness and that this is
the very sign which will indicate that our departure to be with the Lord is
at hand.

Who is this man of lawlessness? Verse 4 tells us that he is doomed to
destruction and will be the one who sets himself up in God's temple
proclaiming himself to be God. Cross-referencing these facts we learn that
this is the man of Daniel 9:27 and Matthew 24:15. The man of lawlessness is
a term which describes the false and counterfeit Messiah to come. In
Daniel, he is called the little horn, a stern faced king, the ruler who
will come, and the desolator. In Revelation, he's the beast. He's also the
embodiment of what is called the serpent's offspring in Genesis 3:15, the
foolish and worthless shepherd in Zechariah, and the senseless man in Psalm
92. He is the wicked man in Job 15 and the wicked and evil man of Job 18.
There have been many men throughout history who have foreshadowed this man.
The Egyptian Pharaoh who would not let the people of Israel go was a type
of this man, as was the Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar in Daniel chapter 3.
Haman in the book of Esther and Goliath the Philistine are also prophetic
profiles of this man. Antiochus Epiphanes, Caesar, Herod, Nero, Napoleon
and even Hitler foreshadowed the lawless one to come. The apostle John's
term for this man is perhaps the most popular in use today, antichrist.
Here's what he says in 1 John 2:18:

"Dear children, this is the last hour; and as you have heard that the
antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have come. This is how we
know it is the last hour."

John's declaration echoes Paul's doesn't it? In its proper context, we
should see that the coming of "the antichrist" will be the indicator that
it is the last hour! He says the antichrist. He also says that even now,
many antichrists have come. These antichrists who have already come teach
us how the antichrist will be when he comes. I want to make a point here
about the application of this passage.  Because we know that the time in
which this was written could not literally be considered the last hour, we
must consider what is meant by this time reference.  We could call the
entire age from around that time until its conclusion "the last hour", or,
we could consider that its primary application was meant for the specific
time and people of the period denoted by that reference.  I personally
suspect the latter is a better way. You can do you own study in the Greek
of theuse of the words eschatos and hora which appear together only here.

Now, the thing that makes this particular man so evil is what made those
others so evil. Consider 1 John 4:3:

"but every spirit that does not acknowledge Jesus is not from God. This is
the spirit of the antichrist, which you have heard is coming and even now
is already in the world."

I believe that "antichrist" is literally a spirit, a spiritual power and
entity and not a man himself or a physical manifestation of a spirit with
the appearance of a man. A man, a flesh bodied man in whom resides this
spirit takes on its nature and characteristics. That man is an antichrist.
The nature of this spirit is to deny that Jesus is from God, as seen in 1
John 2. In 2 John 1:7, an antichrist is shown to be a deceiver who does not
acknowledge Jesus Christ as coming in the flesh. In order to understand
what the apostle Paul was teaching in 2 Thessalonians, we must understand
that the power of antichrist is a spirit of antichrist, a spiritual power,
a demonic entity. It is the counterpart to the holy spirit, the antithesis
of the spirit of Christ, the pneuma christos. (See Romans 8:9 and I Peter
1:11)

Just to clarify this matter for some of you, let me offer some background.
The first beings God created were the angels. At that time, they were
united. Today, there are divided into two categories; good angels and bad
angels. When Satan was cast out of heaven the first time, he took with him
1/3 of all the created spirit beings. You can read about this fall in
Ezekiel 28:12-19 and in Revelation 12:3-4. These fallen angels are called
evil spirits or demons and are as real as you and I, just in a different
realm. These spiritual beings have specific functions and characteristics
and appear to have a hierarchy of rank or authority. Jesus revealed this
nature of the kingdom of the devil throughout the Gospels. I believe that
those evil spirits who have a specific "antichrist" character or function
are those talked about by John. The man who is soon to be revealed can
perhaps be considered as having what might be considered their "5 star
general" entity, second only to the "commander in chief", in residence. We
see then that this lawless man will have this antichrist spirit.

But he won't be solely spirit. He'll be a man of flesh too. So, why him,
why this particular man? Good question! I think it has to do with genetics.
Just as Jesus Christ had a certain genetic grooming, being born of a human
mother of the right lineage and having the perfect blood of the Almighty
God, this lawless man will have a certain genetic grooming. (The Nephilim
(Genesis 6) were the products of genetic tampering of the descendants of
Adam by the evil fallen angels and were wiped out in the Noahic flood, the
problem didn't end there. As these corrupted beings reappeared after the
flood as the Rephaim, etc., it seems illogical to assume that a people of
this nature no longer exist. Have you ever considered the book of Jude in
this light? E. W. Bullinger offered an interesting commentary on these
corrupted people in Appendix 25 of the Companion Bible.)

Some have relegated the event known as the revealing of the lawless one to
that of merely a symbolic spiritual event. I couldn't disagree more
strongly. It will be a concrete physical manifestation of the reality of
Satan's power! Don't be fooled - just as Christ was in no way just a mere
intangible "spirit entity", neither will be the embodiment of the
"antichrist".

At this point in our study, let me offer a brief introduction to an
interpretive tool which must be used in order to decrypt the passage under
study. Those of you with access to the internet may find the information
presented at the following URL helpful.
http://home.cwnet.com:80/crm/str-1.htm What follows is pretty technical,
so, if you don't catch on right away, don't worry about it. You'll probably
catch on as we progress through the study.

This focal passage, as with all holy scriptures can be seen to have a
certain architectural structure. When its themes are considered and
studied, they are found to naturally flow in an orderly fashion, with
balance and symmetry. The thematic units are usually repeated at least
once, causing certain types of arrangements, called by some; division,
alternation and introversion. As a result of these thematic repetitions, we
find that certain phrases are linked together as matched pairs. The value
in this kind of study is found as these matched pairs are compared. These
pairs are to be compared in light of their agreement or their contrast.
Thus we receive teaching from "between the lines" of the Bible. These
teachings are sometimes confirming the interpretation we might find "on the
surface" of the passage under study and sometimes offering further, deeper
insight. Let's proceed. Please note that the text has not been altered
except to insert spaces to separate it at its natural breaking points and
to label each element for ease of identification.

The Architectural Structure of II Thessalonians 2:1-12

A1)	a) {1} "Concerning the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ and our being
gathered to him,
 		b) we ask you, brothers, {2} not to become easily unsettled or alarmed
by some prophecy, report 			or letter supposed to have come from us, saying
that the day of the Lord has already come.
			c) {3} Don't let anyone deceive you in any way,

	B1) for that day will not come until the rebellion occurs

		C1) and the man of lawlessness is revealed,

			D1) the man doomed to destruction.

				E1)	a) {4} He will oppose and will exalt himself over everything 	that
is 						called God or is worshiped,
						b) so that he sets himself up in God's temple,
							c) proclaiming himself to be God.


A2) {5} Don't you remember that when I was with you I used to tell you
these things?

	B2)	a1) {6} And now you know what is holding him back,
			b1) so that he may be revealed at the proper time.
				c1) {7} For the secret power of lawlessness is already at work;
		a2) but the one who now holds it back
			b2) will continue to do so
				c2) till he is taken out of the way.

		C2) {8} And then the lawless one will be revealed,

			D2) whom the Lord Jesus will overthrow with the breath of his mouth and
destroy by 				the splendor of his coming.

				E2)	a1) {9} The coming of the lawless one will be in accordance with
the 						work of Satan
						b1) displayed in all kinds of counterfeit miracles, signs and
							wonders,
							c1) {10} and in every sort of evil that deceives those 								who
are perishing.
					a2) {11} For this reason God sends them a powerful delusion
						b2) so that they will believe the lie
							c2) {12} and so that all will be condemned who have 							not
believed the truth but have delighted in 									wickedness.

If you would, please take as much time as is necessary so that you are able
to acknowledge that this is the natural God-inspired architectural
structure of this passage. Ready? Let's go!

The matching pair of elements which have been mistranslated and are the
focus of our interest are labeled B1) and B2). Our attention is naturally
drawn to them as we study the structure of the passage because their common
and linking theme isn't as obvious as those of the other pairs.

Let's look closely at these matched elements. This is truly a proper
consideration of context.

B1) for that day will not come until the rebellion (apostasia) occurs.

B2)	a1) {6} And now you know what is holding him back,
		b1) so that he may be revealed at the proper time.
			c1) {7} For the secret power of lawlessness is already at work;
	a2) but the one who now holds it back
		b2) will continue to do so
			c2) till he is taken out of the way.

Since we know beyond any doubt that God intended for these two structural
companions to be compared, by means of this interpretive tool we have at
our disposal, a fresh source of information to teach us about the meaning
of apostasia and of the larger scope of the message is now available. I
believe we will find that because the translators didn't understand what we
now know, they simply weren't able to render thetranslation of sections B1
) and B2) very well. When we study the text of these paired elements, we
must find the common and linking theme if we are to know that we have come
upon the meaning God intended for us to find. Then we can offer the proper
interpretation based upon not only the confines of the biblical language
but also the specific context.  In the popular teaching that the word
apostasia means that the Church has apostatized, the interpretation is
based upon the principle of inference arising from the import of meaning
from the context of the other occurrence of the word in the Bible.
Unfortunately, this runs aground of the fundamental rule of interpretation
according to context, doesn't it? That cannot and does not work here.

Before I move on into the matter of translation of the text,  we need some
background information gleaned from the broader context of the subject at
hand. As I mentioned earlier, these two companion segments describe the
beginning of the  lawless man's  ministry with an anointing which
counterfeits the true Messiah's. How would you expect the anti-Messiah to
be revealed? The prefix "anti" means not only against, or in opposition to,
but also connotes a certain commonality or likeness. The event marking the
beginning of Jesus' powerful ministry is the genuine after which the
counterfeit will be patterned. What will reveal the identity of the lawless
one to those who are watching is going to be like that which revealed the
one whom he will counterfeit.

Don't pass lightly over this significant point at the very heart of this
matter of a sign, a revealing! John 1:31 records John the Baptist's
declaration about Jesus in the record of his baptism:

"I myself did not know him, but the reason I came baptizing with water was
that he might be revealed to Israel."

Baptism leads to a revealing. This verse declares that the reason John came
baptizing was that Jesus might be revealed to Israel. The identity of Jesus
became known to John personally as he testified in the verses which
followed his declaration in verse 31. John 1:32-34:

"Then John gave this testimony: "I saw the Spirit come down from heaven as
a dove and remain on him. {33} I would not have known him, except that the
one who sent me to baptize with water told me, 'The man on whom you see the
Spirit come down and remain is he who will baptize with the Holy Spirit.'
{34} I have seen and I testify that this is the Son of God."

So, the identity of the one upon whom the spirit came became known to John
at Jesus' baptism, and John's baptizing with water revealed their Messiah
to Israel. Isn't that something? Had you ever noted that before? It would
seem that the sign to John was the physical manifestation at the very event
and that the sign to Israel has to do with a deeper understanding of the
significance of John coming and baptizing with water.

In my opinion, it seems likely that the lawless one will be revealed to the
alert and informed Christian in similar manner as when Jesus' identity was
made known to John; by a sign which will accompany the unveiling event. A
sign of spiritual power manifest in the physical realm. The nature of this
manifestation is itself outside the scope of this study. Also outside the
scope of this article is a further indication I feel I've been led to
discover by which we should be able to make a positive ID of this deadly
impostor - even without the identifying number of his name - 666.  What
will then further reveal this man's identity will be the fruit of his
ministry.

The means by which to identify a counterfeit comes by familiarity with the
details of the genuine. Let's take a look at the beginning of Jesus'
powerful ministry, the anointing which shows three distinct entities
involved: a gift, its giver and its recipient. Mark 1:10-11.

"As Jesus was coming up out of the water, he saw heaven being torn open and
the Spirit descending on him like a dove. And a voice came from heaven:
"You are my Son, whom I love; with you I am well pleased."

Mark records the Son receiving a gift from his Father. This gift was
Spirit. It was holy and was that which empowered Jesus' ministry. The
counterfeit event which will reveal the lawless one must likewise involve
three entities; a gift, its giver and its recipient. This is the key to
understanding the section under study in II Thessalonians! The apostle Paul
records another "son" receiving a "gift" from his "Father" - in section
B2). The gift is UN-holy, the spirit of antichrist. This is the counterpart
to the holy spirit. The evil nature of antichrist will empower the man's
ministry at that time, the fruit of which will reveal him as the man of
lawlessness.

Until the antichrist comes into residence in this man, where is it and what
is it doing? I believe the answer is found in Ephesians 6:12, which
declares:

"For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers,
against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against
the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms."

The spirit of antichrist is currently active among spiritual forces of evil
in the heavenly realms and is being prepared for its upcoming role.  It is,
in a sense, waiting in the wings until it is time to be brought center
stage, when the curtain goes up on this act in the drama of Satan's
deception.

With this background of knowledge of the event, let's return now to the
paired elements under study in II Thessalonians and consider the
translational errors. In section B2),  verse 6 contains the words "holding
back" which are translated from the Greek words "to katechon".

Let's continue reading:

"For the secret power of lawlessness is already at work; but the one who
now holds it back will continue to do so till he is taken out of the way.
And then the lawless one will be revealed,"

"Holds back" here is "o katechon", also better rendered as "holds fast".
These should more accurately be rendered as "holding fast". "Holding fast"
has the  connotation of keeping and retaining, not as holding back or
restraining. (If you can find Bullinger's out-of-print commentary on the
Epistles, you'll see that he noted that subtle distinction in the
translation.)  What difference does it make? I think "holding back" leans
more towards the two entities involved having opposing wills. "Holding
fast" seems to favor a closer unity between the two parties involved. I
believe that it is the antichrist spirit that is being held fast, still in
its current spiritual abode, and, when it is no longer held fast, it will
enter into the lawless one. What is it that is holding fast the antichrist?
I submit to you that it is not the Church but the Devil.

Satan's kingdom is not divided against itself but there are internal
conflicts which appear to be strategic maneuvering within his kingdom.
Confusion reigns. Mirrors and smoke. It seems to me that the Devil will
exert his authority over the spirit of antichrist in order to keep it
properly reigned in, holding it fast, lest of its own accord in lessor
wisdom or insight it should undermine the ultimate plan determined by the
Counterfeiting Commander in Chief.

In regards to the matter of individuality of will among the members of the
unholy triad, a rough parallel can be drawn to the genuine as seen in Luke
22:42. Subjugating his will to that of His Father, Jesus declares: "not my
will but yours be done." We should note here that it is said of the holy
spirit that "...He will not speak on his own; he will speak only what he
hears..." (John 16:13)

Back in II Thessalonians 2, the phrase "taken out of the way" is really a
poor translation of the Greek. It should be rendered literally as "gone
from among". Of itself, "gone from among" is clearly an incomplete thought,
as the rules of language require that we know what he, or it, is gone from
among. This "omission" is actually a common figure of speech called
ellipsis. In an ellipsis, what is omitted must be furnished according to
the demands of the context. Based upon our understanding of the context,
what could be gone from among what? This is the crux of the matter. since,
tied up in this very matter, is the meaning of apostasia. I submit to you
for your consideration that the proper interpretation is founded upon the
truths taught in Ephesians chapter 6.  According to verse 12, there are
spiritual forces of evil active in the heavenly realms. Amongst these
demonic beings, we know that there are changes in abode as easily seen from
even the most superficial study of this subject. I propose that "gone from
among" reflects such a change of abode. I believe that the spirit of
antichrist is now active in its current heavenly abode and that the time is
coming when it will be gone from among its demonic cronies in that realm to
become joined unto its intended recipient in a more earthly abode.

Section B2) with interlaced commentary now reads: "And now you know what is
holding fast (Its the devil holding the powerful spirit of antichrist fast
in the current abode in the heavenly realm), so that the lawless one may be
revealed at the proper time. For the antichrist is already at work (in the
heavenly realms); but the devil, who now holds fast to the antichrist will
continue to do so till the antichrist, that secret power of lawlessness is
gone from among the others of its kind in the heavenly realms. "And then
the lawless one will be revealed,"

Just as the anointing of the Son of God with holy spirit revealed Jesus to
John and to Israel, the counterfeit anointing will reveal the lawless one!
Does that make sense to you? I pray that your ears may be opened so that
you may hear what the Lord of mercies has for you. Now that we understand
the interpretation of this structural element, let's shine its light upon
its companion. This will now allow us to interpret the word apostasia in
its proper context.

The word "rebellion" in the NIV is an inappropriate translation. The King
James Version offers a similarly misleading translation.  The Greek word
"apostasia" literally means "standing away from", not "falling away" and
not "rebellion".  Thus, an awkward but more literal and un-interpreted
rendering of the passage I've identified as B1) would be: "for that day
will not come until the standing away from occurs..."  Because we know that
the context is the very same as just learned from our study of its
companion, it seems pretty obvious that the activity called the standing
away from IS the anointing of the man of lawlessness. The spirit of
antichrist will come upon the man to be known as the lawless one when it is
gone from among its cronies. When this spiritual power and entity is gone
from among, it is then standing away from. These phrases describe the new
condition of separation, the change of abode, which will be the basis in
the spiritual realm for the powerful anointing that will reveal, in the
physical realm, the lawless one for who he is.

Here, then is the sign for the Church. When this genetically groomed man
receives the counterpart to the genuine holy spirit, the spirit of
antichrist, as a gift from his father the Devil, his ministry will be
enabled and he will begin to bear the fruit which reveals him as the
lawless one. Until that time, speculation as to his identity is just that
and nothing more - speculation. (Of, course, based upon other criteria by
which he will be known, some educated guesses will probably land on the
mark, but I don't think the guessing game is the best use of our resources
as this time draws near.) His identity will not be known until he is
revealed. This unveiling of his identity to those who are watching is the
sign given for us to know for a certainty that our earthly existence is
about to cease.  The Lord will shortly gather his own to himself!

Commentary about some currently popular interpretations

When a word is used somewhere else in the Bible, we can usually learn more
about the word by studying the context of each occurrence. Sometimes we can
import something from the context of one location into that of another. But
sometimes not. The specifics of the contexts must determine what we are to
do. The only other occurrence of the word "apostasia" in the Bible is in
Acts 21:21, which reads;

"They have been informed that you teach all the Jews who live among the
Gentiles to 'turn away' (apostasia) from (apo) Moses, telling them not to
circumcise their children or live according to our customs."

The occurrence of this word in Acts differs from that found in II
Thessalonians slightly. In Acts, it appears in conjunction with the Greek
preposition "apo", translated as "from". In II Thessalonians, it appears
twice, doubled. Of itself, this point doesn't seem to have much bearing on
the matter, but I have noted it in the interest of detailed observation.

Now, almost everyone teaches about this word and says that, because of the
way its used in Acts, "apostasia" thus means a "falling away from" true
doctrine by the people. They then call it "the great apostasy". They say
this means great numbers of people in the professing Christian community
will fall away in unbelief in the last days. Although this will indeed be
the case, (II Timothy 4:3 etc. This has been so since Paul's own latter
days.) this interpretation cannot be derived from the word "apostasia" in 2
Thessalonians. Read I Thessalonians 1-12 again. Is there anything here to
suggest that behavioral trends are a sign? Could it be that this idea has
solely come into the interpretation of this passage in II Thessalonians by
being imported from Acts? I think so. Based upon my analysis of the
architectural structure of the passage, its usage in II Thessalonians is
specifically in regards to the revealing of the lawless one. It has nothing
at all to say about the trends of the professing Christian Church. We must
let the Bible interpret itself according to context if we're going to
understand what God has to say to us! This, or course is oft stated but
seldom accomplished, right? We're going to have to dust off the tools which
have been given to the Church so that we can recognize the signposts
guiding us to God's intended meaning.

Another popular view being promoted today is that "apostasia" means the
Church of the Body is gathered to the Lord so that it is "standing away
from" this present evil age (Galatians 1:4). But, that can't be a valid
interpretation because the verse would then state that the gathering
together would not occur until the gathering together occurs, right?

Those who teach this interpretation, along with those who teach the former
mentioned usually continue along this line to teach that its the presence
of the Church that's holding the lawless one back, from being revealed, and
that when the Church (often calling it the "restrainer") is "taken out of
the way" (stating that this means - gathered to the Lord), the lawless one
will then be revealed. That totally negates the point made in the passage!
The subject is a sign for the Church. I believe that the correct
interpretation of the word apostasia is distinctly marked by God in the
structure of the passage. It appears that its only when we have discerned
its structure and analyzed it that we learn how to interpret this word in
its context.

Conclusion

This article was intended to inform you about the sign which will precede
our departure to be with the Lord so that you will begin to watch for it,
learn to recognize it and respond appropriately when it happens. But all
I've really accomplished, at best, is to present an introduction to the
spiritual basis of the event and to show that its to be a sign for the
Church.  I haven't even touched upon the probable nature of the
manifestation of this event in the physical realm. Neither have I even
mentioned that there is a candidate for the actual day this sign might
appear suggested in the holy scriptures.  Yes, there is a particular day on
the Jewish Calendar on  which we might expect this event to occur. That is,
if history is a teacher. Wouldn't that be something if God did things in
recognizable cycles and consistent trends. Wouldn't that be something.

Some might ask why we should care about a sign for the Church, or what
difference it makes whether we recognize it or not.  I would say that it
really doesn't matter... if you're not prepared!  You'll be lost in the
confusion.  The stated purpose of this antichrist work to come is to
deceive those who are perishing.  But God has been patient and wants all
men to be saved. He obviously intends to provide a final severe warning, a
wake-up call and an invitation to those who've neglected to accept God's
invitation through Jesus Christ. And here's the point that I would make
about the whole thing - this is what I believe the Lord would have us do
with our knowledge of the sign.  Those who recognize it and can offer the
certain evidence of the meaning of the event, pointing to the wicked man
and labeling him properly, will be called upon to do so.  This is the voice
of truth in the midst of the lies.  This will be the clarion trumpeting
call amidst the din and confusion.  It seems likely that the apparent
Church will be sharply divided between those who stand boldly proclaiming
the truth and those who attempt to deny it and repress it.  Deception will
reign. The saints will be intensely persecuted for their audacity to
declare the "blasphemies".  What will be the outcome?  The world will have
been brought to a point of decision. There will be absolutely no excuse for
those alive at that time to not accept God's invitation. Although God will
extend his mercy for a little while longer, it will be withdrawn according
to schedule in the prescribed ways.  So, what's at stake in this closing
act of the Gentile Christian drama is the number of people who may be
spared the brunt of God's judgment upon the world during the final years of
tribulation. Who will go with us and join in our joy and reward as we
realize the fulfillment of our hope?  What we stand to lose or gain is our
place in the Lord's plan and the reward thereof.  Will we be rewarded or
chastised for our participation in his plan in these last days?  Its your
call.

As I understand it, from the time the man of lawlessness is revealed there
will be a brief period of time remaining until the rapture. I believe that
it is this very time specifically referred to in Ephesians 6:13.

"Therefore put on the full armor of God, so that when the day of evil
comes, you may be able to stand your ground, and after you have done
everything, to stand."

It seems to me that if the evil day was a present reality at the time of
Paul's writing, he would not have written of it as being a future time,
which he clearly did. Think about it! Can the phrase "evil day" describe
some period of time other than that which is apparently about to come upon
us - that time when the spirit of antichrist is empowering Satan's "son's"
ministry and great persecution has come against God's elite?

I implore you: Do not be a hearer only, making this study a merely academic
exercise. I have utilized a tool given by the revealer of mysteries to
unshroud this crucial passage in II Thessalonians so that we can begin to
understand the sign for the Church that will precede our ingathering. We
know that this signal event will parallel and counterfeit the anointing of
the true Messiah of Israel, Y'shua HaMashiach. I propose to you that the
Lord has unveiled the nature of the event in these latter days so that you
and I would be further encouraged to humble ourselves before him, to live
holy before him and to prepare ourselves for useful service.

Let's put on the full armor of God - we're going to need it to stand our
ground! Then, as he will gather us to himself together with the dead in
Christ, our earthly ministries will have been completed, having done
everything. Then we will stand before the Lord of Glory and receive that
which he promised for those things done while in the body. Praise God!
Baruch Hashem!

"Therefore, my dear brothers, stand firm. Let nothing move you. Always give
yourselves fully to the work of the Lord, because you know that your labor
in the Lord is not in vain."
I Corinthians 15:58

"my people are destroyed from lack of knowledge...."
Hosea 4:6

'Blessed are you when men hate you, when they exclude you and insult you
and reject your name as evil,because of the Son of Man. {23} Rejoice in
that day and leap for joy, because great is your reward in heaven. For that
is how their fathers treated the prophets."
Luke 6:22-23

"Who then is the faithful and wise servant, whom the master has put in
charge of the servants in his household to give them their food at the
proper time? {46} It will be good for that servant whose master finds him
doing so when he returns."
Matthew 24:45-46

"I have fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the
faith. {8} Now there is in store for me the crown of righteousness, which
the Lord, the righteous Judge, will award to me on that day--and not only
to me, but also to all who have longed for his appearing."
II Timothy 4:7-8

Bob Schlenker is the editor of The Open Scroll, a Christian Research
Ministries publication dedicated to the proclamation of the deeper things
of God's word so urgently needed in these last days.

Permission is granted by the author to reproduce this article for
non-profit distribution.  Kindly acknowledge the source and retain its full
text, if you would.

CHRISTIAN RESEARCH MINISTRIES
BOB SCHLENKER
P.O. BOX 620571
ORANGEVALE, CA 95662

Internet URL:
http://home.cwnet.com:80/crm/

E-Mail Address:
crm-bob@cwnet.com


Scripture taken from the HOLY BIBLE, NEW INTERNATIONAL VERSION, Copyright ©
1973, 1978, 1984 International Bible Society. Used by permission of
Zondervan Bible Publishers.

**********************************

Messianic Prophecy
By: David M. Williams
David.Williams@frey.newcastle.edu.au

      The reason why prophecy is an indication of the divine authorship of
the Scriptures, and hence a testimony to the trustworthiness of the message
of the Scriptures, is because of the minute probability of fulfillment.

      Anyone can make predictions, for that is simple.  However, having
prophecies fulfilled is vastly different.  In fact, the more statements
made about the future, and the more the detail, then the less likely the
precise fulfillment will be.

      For example, what is the likelihood of a person predicting today the
exact city in which the birth of a future leader would take place, well
into the 21st century?  This is indeed what the prophet Micah did 700 years
before the Messiah.  Further, what is the likelihood of predicting the
precise manner of death that a new, unknown religious leader would
experience, a thousand years from now - a manner of death presently
unknown, and to remain unknown for hundreds of years?  Yet, this is indeed
what David did in 1000 B.C. Again, what is the likelihood of predicting the
specific date of the appearance of some great future leader, hundreds of
years in advance?  Yet, this is indeed what Daniel did, 530 years before
Christ.

      If one were to conceive 50 specific prophecies about a person in the
future, who one would never meet, just what is the likelihood that this
person will fulfill all 50 of the predictions?  How much less would this
likelihood be if 25 of these predictions were about what other people would
do to him, and were completely beyond his control?

      For example, how does someone "arrange" to be born in a specific
family? How does one "arrange" to be born in a specified city, in which
their parents do not actually live?  How does one "arrange" their own death
- and specifically by crucifixion, with two others, and then "arrange" to
have their executioners gamble for their clothing?  How does one "arrange"
to be betrayed in advance?  How does one "arrange" to have the executioners
carry out the regular practice of breaking the legs of the two victims on
either side, but not their own?  Finally, how does one "arrange" to be God?
How does one escape from a grave and appear to people after having been
killed?

      Indeed, it may be possible for someone to fake one or two of the
Messianic prophecies, but it would be impossible for any one person to
arrange and fulfill all of these prophecies.

      John Ankerberg et. al. relate the true story of how governments use
prearranged identification signs to identify correct agents :

    David Greenglass was a World War II traitor.  He gave atomic secrets to
the Russians and then fled to Mexico after the war.  His conspirators
arranged to help him by planning a meeting with the secretary of the
Russian ambassador in Mexico City.  Proper identification for both parties
became vital.

    Greenglass was to identify himself with six prearranged signs.  These
instructions had been given to both the secretary and Greenglass so there
would be no possibility of making a mistake.  They were : (1) once in
Mexico City Greenglass was to write a note to the secretary, signing his
name as ``I. Jackson''; (2) after three days he was to go to the Plaza de
Colon in Mexico City and (3) stand before the statue of Columbus, (4) with
his middle finger placed in a guide book.  In addition, (5) when he was
approached, he was to say it was a magnificent statue and that he was from
Oklahoma.  (6) The secretary was to then give him a passport.

    The six prearranged signs worked.  Why?  With six identifying
characteristics it was impossible for the secretary not to identify
Greenglass as the proper contact (John Ankerberg, John Weldon and Walter
Kaiser, The Case for Jesus The Messiah, Melbourne: Pacific College Study
Series, 1994, 17-18).

      How true, then, it must be that Jesus of Nazareth is the Messiah if
He had 456 identifying characteristics well in advance (as identified by
Alfred Edersheim in his classic, "The Life and Times of Jesus the
Messiah"), and fulfilled them all!  In fact, what does the science of
probability make of this?

      The science of probability attempts to determine the chance that a
given event will occur.  The value and accuracy of the science of
probability has been well established beyond doubt - for example, insurance
rates are fixed according to statistical probabilities.

      Professor Emeritus of Science at Westmont College, Peter Stoner, has
calculated the probability of one man fulfilling the major prophecies made
concerning the Messiah.  The estimates were worked out by twelve different
classes, representing some 600 college students.

      The students carefully weighed all the factors, discussed each
prophecy at length, and examined the various circumstances which might
indicate that men had conspired together to fulfill a particular prophecy.
They made their estimates conservative enough so that there was finally
unanimous agreement even among the most skeptical students.

      However then Professor Stoner took their estimates and made them even
more conservative.  He also encouraged other skeptics or scientists to make
their own estimates to see if his conclusions were more than fair.
Finally, he submitted his figures for review to a Committee of the American
Scientific Affiliation.  Upon examination, they verified that his
calculations were dependable and accurate in regard to the scientific
material presented (Peter Stoner, Science Speaks, Chicago: Moody Press,
1969, 4).

      For example, concerning Micah 5:2, where it states the Messiah would
be born in Bethlehem Ephrathah, Stoner and his students determined the
average population of Bethlehem from the time of Micah to the present; then
they divided it by the average population of the earth during the same
period. They concluded that the chance of one man being born in Bethlehem
was one in 2.8 x 10^5 - or rounded, one in 300,000.

      After examining only eight different prophecies (Idem, 106), they
conservatively estimated that the chance of one man fulfilling all eight
prophecies was one in 10^17.

      To illustrate how large the number 10^17 is (a figure with 17 zeros),
Stoner gave this illustration :

    If you mark one of ten tickets, and place all the tickets in a hat, and
thoroughly stir them, and then ask a blindfolded man to draw one, his
chance of getting the right ticket is one in ten.  Suppose that we take
10^17 silver dollars and lay them on the face of Texas.  They will cover
all of the state two feet deep.  Now mark one of these silver dollars and
stir the whole mass thoroughly,all over the state.  Blindfold a man and
tell him that he can travel as far as he wishes, but he must pick up one
silver dollar and say that this is the right one.  What chance would he
have of getting the right one?  Just the same chance that the prophets
would have had of writing these eight prophecies and having them all come
true in any one man, from their day to the present time, providing they
wrote them in their own wisdom (Idem, 106-107).

      In financial terms, is there anyone who would not invest in a
financial venture if the chance of failure were only one in 10^17?  This is
the kind of sure investment we are offered by God for belief in His
Messiah.

      Professor Stoner, from these figures, draws the conclusion the
fulfillment of these eight prophecies alone proves that God inspired the
writing of the prophecies (Idem, 107) - the likelihood of mere chance is
only one in 10^17!

      Another way of saying this is that any person who minimises or
ignores the significance of the Biblical identifying signs concerning the
Messiah would be foolish.

      But, of course, there are many more than eight prophecies.  In
another calculation, Stoner used 48 prophecies (Idem, 109) (even though he
could have used Edersheim's 456) and arrived at the extremely conservative
estimate that the probability of 48 prophecies being fulfilled in one
person is the incredible number 10^157.  In fact, if anybody can find
someone, living or dead, other than Jesus, who can fulfill only half of the
predictions concerning the Messiah given in the book _Messiah in Both
Testaments_ by Fred John Meldau, the Christian Victory Publishing Company
is ready to give a one thousand dollar reward!  As apologist Josh McDowell
says, "There are a lot of men in the universities that could use some extra
cash!" (Josh McDowell, Evidence that Demands a Verdict, California: Campus
Crusade for Christ, 175).

      How large is the number one in 10^157?  10^157 contains 157 zeros!
Stoner gives an illustratation of this number using electrons.  Electrons
are very small objects.  They are smaller than atoms.  It would take 2.5
times 10^15 of them, laid side by side, to make one inch.  Even if we
counted 250 of these electrons each minute and counted day and night, it
would still take 19 million years just to count a line of electrons
one-inch long (Stoner, op. cit., 109).

    With this introduction, let us go back to our chance of 1 in 10^157.
Let us suppose that we are taking this number of electrons, marking one,
and thoroughly stirring it into the whole mass, then blindfolding a man and
letting him try to find the right one.  What chance has he of finding the
right one?  What kind of a pile will this number of electrons make?  They
make an inconceivably large volume.

    The distance from our system of stars, or galaxy, to the next nearest
one is nearly 1,500,000 lightyears; that is the distance that light will
travel in 1,500,000 years going 186,000 miles each and every second. This
distance is so great that if every man, woman and child in the United
States, 200,000,000 of them, had a library of 65,000 volumes, and you
collected every book in all of these libraries and then started on this
journey of 1,500,000 light-years, and decided to place one letter from one
of the books on each mile (e.g., if ``the'' was the first word in the first
book you would put ``t'' on the first mile, ``h'' on the second mile, and
``e'' on the third mile; then leave a mile blank without a letter and start
the next word in the same manner, etc.), before you complete your journey
you will use up every letter in every book of every one of the libraries
and have to call for more (Idem, 110).

      This is the result from considering a mere 48 prophecies.  Obviously,
the probability that 456 prophecies would be fulfilled in one man by chance
is vastly smaller.  According to Emile Borel, once one goes past one chance
in 10^50, the probabilities are so small that it is impossible to think
that they will ever occur (Ankerberg et. al., op. cit., 21).

      As Stoner concludes, ``Any man who rejects Christ as the Son of God
is rejecting a fact proved perhaps more absolutely than any other fact in
the world (Stoner, op. cit., 112).''

****************************
Prophe-Zine News Bites

ELEMENTS OF PROOF:
 A Plot to Overthrow the Constitution and erect a centralized, soviet-style
government on ruins of the Republic.
By: Archibald E Roberts, Ltcol, AUS, ret, Director

Fatal steps which transformed the Republic into a dictatorship of the
financial elite are set out in the following Congressional statutes,
executive orders and proclamations which trace a seditious conspiracy of
interlocking subversion in government departments during the period 16
October 1968 to 20 October 1972.  (Many important supplementary statutes
and regulations omitted for reasons of space.)

FATAL STEP NUMBER ONE... 16 October 1968 - Public Law 90-577, 90th
Congress, S.698, "Intergovernmental Cooperation Act of 1968", "To Achieve
the fullest cooperation and continuation of activities among the levels of
government .. to establish coordinated intergovernmental policy and
administration .. to provide for the acquisition, use, and disposition of
land within the urban areas by Federal agencies."

Public Law 90-577 destroyed the separation of powers which is the principle
of the US Constitution.  By its Title IV the US Congress purported to yield
legislative power to the President.  He, in turn, allegedly transferred
that law-making power to his appointed directors in the grant-making
agencies of the Federal Regions per section 403 of the bill.  Out of that
arrangement has grown the A-95 regional clearing house review system,
designed by the Office of Management and  Budget.  The resulting Federal
Region-substate control system straps regional governance (control by
regulation) as a way of life over all Americans.

FATAL STEP NUMBER TWO... 27 March 1969 - "Statement by the President on
Restructuring of Government Service Systems", The White House.  Quoting the
Reorganization Act, signed the same day, as his authority, President Nixon
divided the United States into eight (later ten) Federal Regions or
provinces, each with a new provincial capitol.  Coordination and control of
the Ten Federal Regions would be administered from Washington.  Formation
of such `super states' is, of course, a violation of paragraph 1, section
3, Article IV, United States Constitution.

Objective:  Transfer political power from the respective sovereign State
governments to appointed Federal Agencies whose controllers are the
directors of the corporate world state.

FATAL STEP NUMBER THREE... 30 October 1969 - Executive Order #11490
"Assigning Emergency Preparedness Functions to Federal Departments and
Agencies", The Federal Register.

E.O. #11490 authorizes the Office of Emergency Planning to put all controls
into effect, "in times of increased international tensions and economic or
financial crisis".  Takeover by government agencies include communications
media, all electrical power, gas, petroleum, fuels and minerals, food
resources and farms, all modes of transportation and control of highways,
seaports, etc., health, education and welfare functions, airports and
aircraft.  Provision is also made for the mobilization of civilians into
work brigades under government supervision.  The order directs the
Postmaster General to operate a national registration of all persons;
permits the Housing and Finance Authority to relocate communities, and
grants authority to the Department of Justice to enforce the plans set out
in E.O. #11490, and to operate penal and correctional institutions.

FATAL STEP NUMBER FOUR... 15 August 1971 - Executive Order #11615
"Providing for Stabilization of Prices, Rents, Wages, and Salaries", The
Federal Register.

E.O. #11615 designated the Chairman, Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System as the director of a Cost of Living Council, with authority
to request the Department of Justice to bring actions for injunctions
"Whenever it appears to the Council that any person has engaged, is
engaged, or is about to engage in any acts or practice constituting a
violation of any regulation or order issued pursuant to this Order".  (See
E.O. #11490)

The Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board thus became czar over prices,
rents, wages and salaries, in addition to his control over money, interest
rates, and the stock market, granted under the provisions of the Federal
Reserve Act of 23 December 1913.

FATAL STEP NUMBER FIVE... 15 August 1971 - Proclamation #4074 "Imposition
of Supplemental Duty for Balance of Payment Purposes", The President.

The Principal objective of Proclamation #4074 was to "declare a national
emergency" and so establish stand-by authority to implement any or all of
the provisions of Executive Order #11490 at such time as the American
people have      been conditioned to accept dictatorship.  The people are
now being brain washed to accept, in fact, demand, full government control
over their lives and property.

FATAL STEP NUMBER SIX... 12 February 1972 - Executive Order #11647 "Federal
Regional Councils", The Federal Register.

E.O. #11647 "...establish a Federal Regional Council for each of the Ten
Standard Federal Regions", which Nixon effected by proclamation on 27 March
1969.  The Office of Management and Budget was designated the control
agency.

By this order the ten provincial capitols were staffed by the directors of
the grant-making agencies:  Department of Labor, Health, Education and
Welfare, and Housing and Urban Development; the Secretarial Representatives
of the Department of Transportation, and the directors of the regional
offices of the Office of Economic Opportunity, the Environmental Protection
Agency, and Law Enforcement Assistance Administration.

The President subsequently appointed a commissar for each Federal Region.

FATAL STEP NUMBER SEVEN... 20 October 1972 - Public Law 92-512, 92nd
Congress, H.R. #14370, Federal/State Revenue Sharing, "To .. authorize
Federal Collection of State individual income taxes, and for other
purposes."

The primary function of Public Law 92-512 is to provide that ".. after 1
January 1974, if two or more States request it of the US Government, and at
the option of the individual states, all State taxes may be collected by
the federal government."  (The decision is irreversible.)

Under this Act state and county governments will, in time, wither for lack
of tax funds, representative government will die (although the trappings of
a republican form of government may be retained to fool the people) and
dictatorship control over people and property will be imposed upon once
free Americans.

In the intervening years, by stealth and subterfuge, the American people
have been moved into the orbit of a financial/industrial cabal who control
their corporate world state through the United Nations Organization, the
United States Congress and other front organizations.

Citizens, with a plan of action, can instruct state elected officials in
their states to confine functions of government to limitations defined in
the Constitution (implementing details available).

The State is a Principal under the constitutional contract and has the
power and authority to correct violations of the Constitution by its
Legislative, Executive and Judicial agents in Washington.

Information on preparing a `letter of instruction' to state lawmakers,
model bill directing state investigation, and model state statute "To
Provide for Enforcement of the United States Constitution with Regard to
Federal Regionalism" (with criminal sanctions for violators) available.

The safety of the state begins with you.  Decide now to participate in the
mission to restore freedoms of person and property guaranteed to you by the
Constitution.

THE SILENT REVOLUTION OF FEDERAL REGIONALISM - A SOLUTION is available in
electronic magazine format, Committee to Restore the Constitution home
page:   http://www.fortnet.org/~comminc

Program is also available in print or on disk for uploading to computer and
downloading to BBS in your area.  (Specify Macintosh or IBM).

Archibald E Roberts, Ltcol, AUS, ret, Director
COMMITTEE TO RESTORE THE CONSTITUTION, Inc
Post Office Box 986   Fort Collins  CO   80522
e-mail: comminc@mail.fortnet.org
home page: http://www.fortnet.org/~comminc

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Drug-resistant TB 'is likely to kill tens of millions'
BY EVE-ANN PRENTICE
From The Times, London:

         A DRUG-RESISTANT form of tuberculosis, in which body tissue takes
on the appearance of cheese, is poised to kill tens of millions of people
across the world, according to the World Health Organisation.

         The new plague, which will be far more widespread and devastating
than Aids, is "only a whisker away", the WHO will announce in London today,
because warnings about the global threat from the disease made three years
ago have been largely ignored.

         The strain of the disease, which is airborne and therefore far
more contagious than Aids, has infected people in London and New York, as
well as in the developing world. Dr Joel Almeida, medical officer for the
WHO's Global Tuberculosis Programme, said yesterday:

         "No one is safe; even the Queen is not immune. You cannot protect
yourself by wearing a condom."

         Tuberculosis is expected to kill 30 million people this decade,
according to the organisation. After decades in remission, the disease is
epidemic in parts of Russia and is spreading worldwide, the WHO said.

         Merlin, the British medical relief agency which is helping to
fight an epidemic in Chechenia and Siberia, has issued a warning that the
drug-resistant strains of TB are emerging because many infected people are
not completing courses of antibiotics. If pa tients abandon their treatment
half way through the six-month course, the bacilli survive and develop
immunity.

         "If the multi-drug-resistant strain becomes predominant, we will
be back in pre-antibiotic days," Dr Almeida said. "All we will be able to
do is pray and send people off to sanitoriums like we did in the last
century. There will be nowhere to hide except perhaps go to the moon. Eight
out of ten people catching the disease contract the pulmonary form, but
this can affect anywhere: spine or the brain, which sends you mad. A
patient's body tissue suffers caseating necrosis, which is from the Latin
for turning to cheese, so healthy tissue becomes cheesy and patients begin
to cough it up. Some drown in their own blood."

         Today in a press conference drawing attention to the threat in the
run-up to World TB Day on Sunday, Merlin joins the WHO in pressing
governments and non-governmental organisations to spend more money on a
campaign to curb the drug-resistant strain through a treatment known as
DOTS, Directly Observed Treatment, Short course, in which health workers
ensure that patients complete their antibiotic courses. World TB Day will
also be marked by a religious service conducted by a former TB sufferer,
Archbishop Desmond Tutu, in Cape Town. President Mandela of South Africa
also contracted the disease, while he was a prisoner.

         A third of the world's population is infected by TB which causes
more than a quarter of avoidable adult deaths in the developing world, the
WHO says. It predicts that 300 million people will become infected in the
next ten years and, without treatment, each victim will infect ten to 15
others every year.

         The WHO wants the world's governments to invest $500 million (#326
million) a year to fight the threat. The organisation estimates that that
would save the lives of three million breadwinners, or #15.6 billion a
year.

         "People looking to invest in the emerging new global markets are
only a plane ride away from disaster," Dr Almeida said. "The scale of the
problem is far more vast than people seem to realise. One big outbreak, and
you will have governments scrambling to do something about it, but it will
be too late."

+++++++++++++++++++

Subject: New $100 Bills
subbmitted by: RSmith1996@aol.com


EMBARGOED FOR RELEASE
AT 8:15 AM EST
March 4, 1996

NEW $100 NOTES TO BE SHIPPED TO LOCAL BANKS BEGINNING MARCH 25

U.S. Treasury Secretary Robert E. Rubin and Federal Reserve Board Chairman
Alan Greenspan announced today that the redesigned $100 U.S. note will be
issued by the Federal Reserve System to depository institutions beginning
on March 25, 1996.

On that day, the Federal Reserve System's 37 offices and branches around
the United States will begin to ship 1996 series $100 notes to depository
institutions in different regions of the country.  In addition, the Federal
Reserve Banks will issue currency to U.S. banks that have ordered new notes
on behalf of depository institutions abroad.

After making the initial shipments, the Federal Reserve will fulfill orders
for $100 notes with only the new notes, which will replace the older series
notes as they are deposited with the Fed by depository institutions.  The
new notes will begin to appear at some depository institutions on March 26,
and be available to many customers by the end of March or early April.
Consequently, not all depository institutions and not all depository
institution customers will see the new $100 notes immediately

Old notes will not be recalled or devalued.  The older series notes will
co-circulate with the new notes and will always be legal tender.

"Depository institutions have helped us develop a strategy to ensure an
orderly introduction of the new notes," Chairman Greenspan said. "We have
worked hard to educate cash handlers, both domestically and abroad, about
the new features and the introduction process, and we fully anticipate a
smooth transition. "

The new note contains several security enhancements that will help the
United States maintain the currency's security against counterfeiting.  The
$100 note is the first note to be redesigned; smaller denomination notes
will be introduced at approximately one-year intervals.

"This change will ensure that U.S. currency remains the most trusted and
respected in the world," Secretary Rubin said.

"The U.S. government is committed to maintaining the integrity and security
of its currency.  The features we have developed will keep our notes ahead
of new and existing reprographic technologies and the possibilities they
may create for counterfeiting," he said.

The newly designed currency strikes a balance between enhanced security and
familiarity, incorporating proven deterrent features while maintaining a
traditional "American" look.  The size, colors, paper and historical
portraits and vignettes will remain the same in the new series notes.

The most noticeable change is an enlarged portrait of Ben Franklin that is
moved slightly off-center.  The note will also include the following new
features:

-   A watermark to the right of the historical portrait depicting
    the same figure as the portrait.  The watermark is visible only
    when held up to a bright light.

-   A security thread that will glow red when exposed to ultraviolet
    light.  The thread will be in a unique position on each
    denomination.

-   Color-shifting ink used to print the denomination number in the
    lower-right corner on the front of the note changes from green
    to black when viewed from different angles.

-   Microprinting in the numeral in the note's lower left-hand
    corner and on Ben Franklin's lapel.

-   Concentric fine-line printing in the background of the portrait
    and on the back of the note.  This type of printing is difficult
    to copy well.

-   Other features to facilitate machine authentication and
    processing of currency.

While the $100 note will incorporate all of these features, smaller
denominations may have fewer features.

Additional background materials and releases may be obtained through the
following sources:

-   Treasury's interactive fax system at (202) 622-2040 (ask for
    document #591 for a complete index of available materials)

-   Television stations may obtain B-roll by calling the Bureau of
    Engraving and Printing at (202) 874-3019

-   Treasury's Internet address: http:/www.ustreas.gov/

-   For additional information, call your nearest U.S. embassy or
    Treasury's Global Information Center at (202) 622-2970, or call
    the Bureau of Engraving and Printing at (202) 874-3019

+++++++++++++++++++++++

Subject:  Unbelievable Television Program
From:	ddeming@uoknor.edu (D. Deming)

On the night of  Wed., March 20 there was an unbelievable program on
channel 34, KOCB, in Oklahoma City.

The plot line had a detective pursueing a Nazi - white supremacist who had
taken his 8-year-old child from the divorced or separated mother.

In the program, the words "patriot" and "white christian" were used to
describe Nazis and white supremacists.  All terms were used interchangeably
in the same context.

In one scene, the detective shows up at the Nazi headquarters. The villain
comes out with the child.  The detective asks the villain to let his son
go, explaining that even he would surely agree that this is not a "good
environment" for the child.  At this point the villain exclaims: "at least
its a white christian environment".

If you had told people 20 or 30 years ago that in 1996 "patriots" and
"white christians" would be portrayed as Nazis and white supremacists in
popular entertainment, they would have thought you were nuts.  This is
truely Orwellian.

Consider that those in the "patriot" movement generally want a return to
limited consitutional government, and are particularly concerned about the
militarization of federal police forces.  This is the exact opposite of
what the Nazi, or National Socialist Workers Party, stood for.

+++++++++++++++++++++

ID System Update

News Release -- April 1st, 1996
V-chip rating system extended to books

CLA endorses 'V-barcode' plan

The Canadian Library Association today announced its intention to comply
with the wishes of millions of Canadians who had signed a petition decrying
the increasing presence of "vivid imagery of sex and violence" in books
targetted at children.

"Once my daughter started reading books in the 'Goose Bumps' series", says
one concerned parent, "reading became like an addiction to her."  Even
though the books were so violent and scary the girl had nightmares.  "Soon
she started reading beyond her grade level and was getting into books with
'adult themes'." The problem, say most busy parents, is that kids can visit
the local library and borrow anything they choose, regardless of their
family's values.

The new book rating system, modelled after television's highly successful
V-chip, has been dubbed the V-barcode, because each book will have a
machine-readable "barcode" on the spine that encodes a rating of the book's
contents on several scales:  sex, violence, coarse language, drug use,
religion, and 'alternative lifestyles'.

"This isn't about censorship", says Keith Spicer, who recently joined the
CLA as policy director after leaving the CRTC, "this is about choice, ...
about empowering parents to make choices." Under the new system, parents
will select their family's "tolerance levels" on each scale.  These are
encoded as a barcode on their child's library card.  When a child wants to
borrow a book, the librarian simply passes the library card and book over a
scanner (just like the ones used in the supermarket) and a screen instantly
displays whether authorization should be granted.  "It's a marvel of
technology", bubbles Spicer, "it's just like the child's parent is there,
saying to the child -- 'No, we don't borrow that kind of book in this
family.'".

The CLA dismisses complaints the system will be burdensome.  "We already
have barcodes on most books, so the cost of the new system will be
incidental", said a CLA spokesperson.  Library patrons can expect to pay an
additional $5 per year over their normal borrowing fees.

"The V-barcode is just a small part of the overall solution for dealing
with violence in books," says Spicer.  "The best way of dealing with bad
books is to have more good books, and we hope that once children stop
borrowing the bad books publishers will start printing books of better
quality."

There are still a few wrinkles to be worked out, however.  Some skeptical
parents think children might start hanging out in libraries -- where they
can still read books they aren't allowed to borrow.  Still, to many
parents, the new system gives a parent more control over what their child
reads than is the case without this technology.  "It's a social experiment
worth trying", says one parent, "It will be interesting to see what
guidelines will be drawn up and who will be doing the drawing.  It will
force people to reflect on ethics and reading, which is something we could
afford to be more reflective about."

Enthusiasts of the V-barcode would like to see its use expanded.  "We'd
like to see the V-barcode system adopted in bookstores", says Keith Spicer,
"We've already got a pilot project going with the Cole's Bookstore chain
and the Bank of Montreal where the parental tolerance levels are encoded
into the mag-stripe on the child's bank card."  A book purchase can be
declined at the checkout if it exceeds the family's tolerance levels.
"Cash purchases," says Spicer, "are still a problem."

Contact Information:

CLA media liason on V-barcodes:
David Jones
(905) 525-9140 x24689


Editors Note: This sounds like a very good idea, but how much freedon or
liberty do we negate in order to have a little bit of security? Also I see
this as just another way to numb the people as to items "marked" or
"tattooed." What is next? Rev. 13:16-18. -- Ray,  Prophe-Zine--

+++++++++++++++++++++++

Is That your Mark of the Beast or Just Your Pager.
By Ray Gano

The Congress of the United States on  Wednesday March 27, planned a Federal
Communications Commission proposal to provide pagers to the homeless! Is
this the first step to giving everyone some sort of "chip" or tracking
device?

The beeper proposal would implement a provision of the telecommunications
law intended to ensure that everyone in the United States who wants phone
service receives it -- a concept known as ``universal service.''

Rep. Jack Fields , Rep. TX, said ``I think it's a noble idea to think about
providing pagers for the homeless. But this goes far beyond anything that
was ever discussed in the universal service area,''

I have also heard of a plan to give everyone a "universal" telephone
number. Once you are issued this number, all you did is use the phone at
where ever you are and "log-in." When you are logged in, your calls would
follow you where ever you last logged in. Is this yet one more way to
"track" everyone and issue everyone a unique number so that you can be
contacted by your loved ones 24 hours a day?  Once again this is a way, in
my opinion, to numb the people so that they have a "cause" to accept a
numbering system.

++++++++++++++++++++

Trends towards Bible Prophecy
By Todd Strandberg

Lately, there's been talk of reforming the USSR. Russia and Belarus are in
talks about a merger. Earlier the Duma voted to reform the Soviet Union.
This was only a symbolic act, because they currently lack the political
power to bring this about. They may gain that ability in June if the
Communist win.

 If Bill Clinton should win a second term, a number of things could come
into play. It's not possible for Clinton to run for a third term so he may
be more willing to go full throttle on the implementing of his liberal
policies. Historically second terms for Presidents have been chaotic ones
-- Nixon had Watergate and Reagan had Iran-Contra.

I was watching TV the other night and I saw the first advertisement for the
new VISA debit card. A man was in the desert, he walks up to a pop machine
to get something to drink, The man was 5 cents short, he spots the VISA
symbol, and then pulls out his debit card. The convenience of these cards,
I believe, will make them very well received. The debit card will be the
forerunner of the mark of the beast.

The V-chip has been in the news lately. The purpose of this chip is to
block out violence you don't want your kids to see. I see the calling for
the V-chip as a bad thing. If it was implemented, the networks would be
able to put out more violent programming. They could say if you don't like,
use your v-clip. The P-chip (porn chip), I'm sure, would soon follow.

A number of companies are working on internet money transactions. This
would be a step up from credit card transactions which are now the current
means of consumer cashless payment. The true advent of totally digital cash
will be one step closer as they put together the required networks.
Security is the biggest hold up, but several firm already have systems that
promise a safe format for electronic money exchanges.

Physical Fitness has become the religion of the 1990's. For many people
working out and eating the right things is a life consuming crusade. This
striving all goes toward worshipping of that little god -- their own body.
The human body no matter how well managed will someday parish. They may add
on a few more years to their lives, But if they spend those extra years
adoring their own vanity, they will gain nothing. In the next life we will
have the true "perfect body".

There is a growing trend of persecution against Christians in third would
nations. As Islamic fundamentalism spreads so does the persecutions.
Another major source is Communist countries like North Korea, Cuba, and
China. The liberal press has been deathly silent on this trend. A number of
Christian and humane rights groups are now starting to get the message, and
they have begun sounding alarms to this countries leaders.

A record number of Senators have decided not to run for reelection - the
current number stands at 13. There's a major, prophetic occurrence
transpiring here that I don't think any prophecy watchers have noticed.
When a members of Congress leaves, he is replaced by one younger, and the
newcomer is more likely to come from a generation of lower moral standards.
I can recall on several occasions, when bills that would degraded the
morality of this nation, failed by just a few votes. The ones voting
against the bills where both Republicans and Democrats, not just
Republicans alone. There is one exception, liberal Democrats can always be
trusted to be on the devil's side of every issue.

The drug Methamphetamine, better known as speed, has been coming back into
fashion lately. More and more drug arrests involve this substance. It's
easy to produce and highly addictive. One way law enforcement officials
discover the source of this drug, is when one of the manufacturing labs
blows up - the chemical use in the production are highly volatile. Several
explosions have resulted in deaths.

++++++++++++++++++++++

THE AMERICAN FORCED LABOR BILL

HR 1617 "The Work Force Development Act of 1995"

It mandates:

* Government data collection on individuals  (HR 1617 Sec 183, pps. 91-95)

* Government evaluation & treatment centers  (HR 1617 Sec 106, pps. 22-26)

* Government residential work/training centers  (HR 1617 Sec 131-161, pps.
60-75)

* Government hiring quotas and controls  (HR 1617 Sec 121, 122 and 155 pps.
52-57 and 69)

This legislation, inspired by Marc Tucker and Hillary Clinton,

Kills the American Dream, Destroys limited government and Ends freedom to
live and work without government interference & control.

Forced labor systems ONLY exist in totalitarian societies!

THERE IS STILL TIME TO STOP THIS NIGHTMARE!

Call your U.S. Senator: 1-800-962-3524
Call your U.S. Representative: 1-800-972-3524

Stop  HR 1617 (now in Conference Committee)
Repeal  1994's School-to-Work Act  and  Goals 2000!

For more information contact Steven Kossor

e-mail: sakossor@mail.voicenet.com
web site: http://www.voicenet.com/~sakossor

If we don't stop this legislation, there will be no "Allied Force" in the
world to liberate US!

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

GUN CONTROL - CLINTON STYLE

    Guns are the tools most often associated with independence, and from
the start, Hillary has had Bill and a few henchmen working hard to decrease
the number of firearms in private hands. Too much independence is
apparently not good for ordinary people.

    When it became clear to the administration that there was only a
certain amount of civil liberties-bashing they could get away with in
America to limit private gun ownership, they decided to block the importatio
n of certain weapons by armtwisting some of the bureaucrats at ATF and
elsewhere into bending the laws. Fortunately, these back door tactics were
exposed for what they were.

    As a result, the White House had to back down in 1993. But now it seems
they have come full-circle and the administration is trying something new,
transnational gun control.

    The Clintons are using the State Department to stop countries from
exporting guns the White House characterizes as "attractive to criminals."

    The list of "attractive to criminals" includes bolt-action 1898 Mausers
and Winchester manufactured lever-action rifles, sent to Russians around
1900.

    Clinton's State Department has overseen a Voluntary Restraint Agreement
in which the Russians voluntarily agree not to send any more sporting
firearms and ammunition to America. The same VFA agreements are likely to
be presented to Germany, Spain, Belgium, Brazil and other countries
manufacturing sporting firearms destined for the U.S.

    If transnational gun control succeeds where gun control by executive
order has failed, the Clinton's will only have domestic manufacturers and
suppliers of firearms to contend with, and make no mistake about it, if
Hillary and Bill are re-elected, they probably won't let public opinion or
civil rights stand in the way of closing down domestic suppliers.

Soldier of Fortune
May 1996

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

THE EVOLUTION OF BELIEF?
by Peter Kogler

Should we believe the Theory of Evolution?

It does seem odd to pose the question in the latter part of the twentieth
century. Surely nothing has become more firmly part of our modern catechism
than that we are all in linear descent from primordial amoebas with a
temporary pit stop in apedom.

Yet, is it true? Despite being the one undeniable, universally accepted
article of faith in the modern world, the General Theory of Evolution has
quietly slipped into a state of crisis.

The crisis is this: that there is no longer a credible working model for
the actual mechanism of evolution. Increasingly science is having to
recognize the working of a Mind or Creative Force to explain what was once
thought to have been explainable by random mutation and natural selection
over eons of time. To illustrate this here are a few quotes from a recent
TIME magazine article (4 Dec. 1995):

Scientists used to think that the evolution of Phyla took place over a
period of 75 million years, and even that seemed impossibly short. Two
years ago... this long standing problem escalated into a crisis... chopping
the Cambrian period to half its former length... [with phylum development]
concentrated in the first third....

It was during the Cambrian that nature invented the animal body plans that
define the broad biological groupings known as phyla.

The more scientists struggle to explain the Cambrian explosion the more
singular it seems... experts wonder if the twin Darwinian imperatives of
genetic variation and natural selection provide an adequate framework for
understanding evolution.

Scientists delicately slide across data thin ice, suggesting scenarios
based on intuition rather than solid evidence.........   I see.

Is there much difference between saying "Nature invented" and "God
created"? Isn't it true that no matter which aspect of creation we turn our
minds to, whether the nature of the atom, or the universe, or the history
of life on earth, we are always faced with an unfathomable mystery? Is it
not reasonable therefore to take off our hats, bow our heads and humbly
acknowledge the reality of our Creator in whose wonderland we have been
miraculously and temporarily placed? The days when science could be used as
a weapon to destroy the faith of the educated has passed. Once again the
pride of man with his puny mental powers has been humbled and this in an
area where the most revolutionary abandonment of the Judeo-Christian faith
has been justified by the "scientific" discovery that life evolved blindly
and mechanically through genetic mutation and natural selection, something
we know now did not occur.

Nevertheless the Darwinian model of evolution has become the chief paradigm
of modern thought. The idea that progress is somehow part of the inevitable
unfolding of nature, that evolution is always in a positive direction, from
the lower to the higher, has replaced gratitude for the blessings of God in
the Western World. The West became great because the West had the Bible,
believed, and followed the principles laid out in that great book for many
centuries. We see our rejection of this heritage as itself a manifestation
of the "evolution" of ideas and have faith that we are headed into a new
and more advanced level of development. Yet, is the modern world the better
for having lost its faith?

There is nothing among the marvels of science that need be any threat to
faith. Science and rationalism are themselves among the great blessings of
Christian civilization. Yes, they have graced other civilizations but have
never so profusely and enduringly flowered as in Christian civilization.
For all our technological mastery, do we not seem, as we survey our social
landscape, that we are like the branch severed from the vine, weakening,
without direction or confidence.

It is perfectly within the bounds of intellectual honesty to humbly go back
to the Bible for instruction. It is a book that has withstood the test of
time. It has won the admiration of the finest minds of the Western World
and will be a source of inspiration, wisdom, and power long after Darwin's
On the Origin of Species becomes a book mostly of historical interest.
                                    ###

     ========================

C O N S E R V A T I V E   C O N S E N S U S (tm)
     *****************************************************************
      Events * Analysis * Forecasts * Commentary * Readers' Opinions
     *****************************************************************
Copyright 1996 by Conservative Consensus, ISSN 1074-245X.

     QUOTATION AND REDISTRIBUTION are permitted, for private,
non-commercial use, provided nothing is changed and our headers and
trailers remain intact. V2X21

     GET THE FULL STORY: Our monthly Journal contains over 100 news events
-- and accompanying analysis -- that have been spiked, suppressed, or
ignored by the government-sourced mainline media!

     REQUEST A FREE CATALOG. Our automated listserver is easy and quick.
Just leave the subject line of your email message blank. Put "get catalog"
as the first and only line in the message. Send email to:
info-consensus@connect2000.com

     THE EDITORS are heard live nationally on the Eagle Radio Network.
Satellite receivers can pick us up every Saturday 11-noon PST on G2 or G6,
transponder 14, subaudio 1.57. Ask your local station's program manager to
carry Conservative Consensus Live. Have your station contact the Eagle
Radio Network at 802-485-4170.

++++++++++++++++++++++

Whats Wrong With The Kids?
By: antinewage@fincen.gov (antinewage)

You hear about it every day.They even have a television show (SOS) to  let
you know what is going on.What is wrong with Americas teenagers?  We have
teenagers burning down houses, setting off pipebombs, setting  other people
on fire, engaging in homosexuality like its nothing, doing  more drugs that
the adults do, filled with hatred.   To understand what is wrong with
todays teenagers, you must first understand something.They have 'something'
the older folks don't.  Older folks think "Those damn teenagers, stupid
kids."  But they dont realize the kids are products of an evil plot.

 The New Age Movement.
 ---------------------
  The New Age Movement has been around for a VERY long time.Its true  goal
is to KILL souls.When you hear these people speak of 'a new  lawareness',
'ascension' , 'becoming one with yourself' , 'harmonizing  with yourself' ,
they are allowing access to the cosmic awareness  they have placed on this
planet.   MANY prophets prophecied that at the end of the 20th century
there  would be a new awareness that would enter the earth and people would
become 'one with themselves' and discover that they could harmonize  with
the earth (which they say is alive.) The prophets go on to explain  that
once this process was complete, the person would no longer have  a
soul.Their soul would be replaced by a New Age 'person'.   In order to
crown their project a sucess, within the people they would  have to create
a view of the world, such a view that it revolved around  THEM (the one
person).They think of this as open-mindness and a new  cosmic awareness,
but it is actually COMPLETELY close-minded almost  to the point of
brain-dead robots being programmed.

 New Age Movement goes Air-Born
 ------------------------------
  In 1990, the New Age Movement placed their cosmic awareness onto earth
in an air-born type status aimed at youths.It AUTOMATICALLY enters the
person and works at destroying the soul, and mind-programming.   Next time
your 15 year old daughter talks about how the 'dream' state is actually
another reality, and that she can slip back and forth from  dimension to
dimension, believe her.But also realize she is no longer  the person you
and your mate gave birth to.

 New Age Movement in Complete Control of your Body
 -------------------------------------------------
  In 1992, the people behind the New Age Movement made a deal with our
government that they would hand over 'remote manipulation' tactics   if the
government would make people against them look bad.This was   secretly a
part of the Rio Treaty signed by President Clinton. 'Remote Manipulation'
includes twitches at night, hearing things on  the edge of drowsiness right
before you go to sleep..   What you dont know is it is all just a test that
will eventually get   worse.Soon you will hear things you heard during the
day amplified   at full volume repeated over and over again.THEY ARE BEING
PLAYED   RIGHT NOW.How much the government wants to let the streem of
unconscious   material actually make it to your ears is up to them.


Those that will laugh at this and tell you the New Age is not a hoax, are
described in John's last prophecies:

"There will be those that work for this New dragon, whos jobs will be   to
replace one with another and mock those who dare to defy them.   Stay away
from them: for they are the ones who work for the New   dragon : they are
truly blind."

 New Age Tentacles Cling to Anything
 -----------------------------------

  You must realize that in order for the New Age to crown their plan  a
success, they must be in control of all things.By completing a series  of
steps, since 1990, they have control of:

  * the media
  * the churches (wars within churches)
  * the people (people divided by race, sexual preference.Tolerance and
attention span eaten at to the point that it is non-existant in teenagers.)
  * Rock Music (predicted in the New Age Coven that in the late 20th
century, natural urges for music would be replaced by hypnotic noises and
wierd sounds.)

  Note that all of these probably DO NOT KNOW that they are working for
the New Age.The people fighting others in churches don't know that they
have been heavily impacted by the New Age : The normal average  joe doesnt
know why his attention span is gone (they call it attention  deficit
disorder) or why the line between committing TABOO sexual acts has become
VERY THIN.

 WHAT CAN WE DO
 --------------
 Wake up.
 Spread this file.Those who laugh are being laughed at by the New Age
Movement because the people behind the New Age Movement KNOW it is wrong.

+++++++++++++++++++++

A New god In Town....
From: Zychik Chronicle 04/11/96

A day at the revival meeting:
(Los Angeles Times) Yesterday, in a speech at Stanford University,
Secretary of Stupidity, Warren Christopher announced the US's new goals in
foreign policy. Forget about self-defense. Forget about tax-payer interest
first. There's a god to be worshipped and its name is "Environment."
Sounding like any other high priest or witch doctor, Christopher says,
"'Environmental forces transcend borders and oceans to threaten directly
the health, prosperity and jobs of American citizens. . . We are determined
to put environmental issues where they belong: in the mainstream of
American foreign policy."

The savages in the audience, oops make that "science and public policy
experts" were overjoyed. They called for more human sacrifice. Gee, did I
say that? How naughty. Actually Paul Ehrlich, a higher priest than
Christopher - he authored The Population Bomb - said "'if we don't address
these issues we're going to be in deep, deep trouble.'" By "we", he didn't
mean humans.

Christopher claims that pollution and other environmental issues are "the
underlying causes of political upheaval." Duh, I thought it was freedom vs.
slavery. But what the hell do I know? I'm a human lover. Continuing with
his asinine propaganda, high priest Warren linked the supposed decline in
living standards in Russia "to widespread pollution." Isn't it amazing how
the political pond scum pile lie on top of lie? According to Christopher,
the standard of living in Russia was higher under communism. But what the
hell do I know? I'm a freedom lover. Finally, using the perverted, twisted
logic than only a brain-dead tree worshipper is capable of, Secretary of
Self-hate Christopher said that fighting pollution will also help fight
drug trafficking. He proposed that instead of burning drug crops, "we
encourage sustainable agriculture as an alternative." In other words, pay
Guatemalan and Colombian farmers more to grow something other than cocoa
and opium. Guess, who's going to foot the bill for that one?

Secretary of Sicko-policy Christopher did not call for an easier solution
to the drug war, - ending the war on drugs. Why didn't he? 'Cause he needs
that war for backup in case his war on humans is called off.

+++++++++++++++++++++++

Editors Note: Every once in a while I stand beside the ACLU. It is things
like this that worries me. Looking at the current administration, what
would happen if Bill or Janet makes being  a Christian a Fed offence? Is
this a law that can be used against the patriot movement in the future?
Food for thought. -- Ray --

From: ACLU News 04-10-96:

 *Congress Sets Stage for Swift Executions*

In a lead-of-the-paper story, The Christian Science Monitor reported on
Monday that "one of the most significant alterations of American law since
1867 is quietly heading for a vote on Capitol Hill."

The legislation, called "The Effective Death Penalty bill, would
"dramatically change the terms of habeas corpus -- a revered by
often-misunderstood right mentioned in Article 1 of the Constitution," the
Monitor said. "The bill would limit for the first time the ability of
convicted prisoners to have their cases reviewed and would diminish the
power of federal judges to disagree with state court decisions."

In a joint letter signed by 25 diverse organizations -- ranging from gun
rights groups to Jewish groups, from the NAACP to the American Muslim
Council, the ACLU told Congress that it recognized that "the current system
is in need of meaningful reform."

The habeas provisions of the bill, however, "threaten to obliterate the
federal courts' authority entirely," the joint letter said.

"There was a time in their country when the federal courts were unable to
correct state court mistakes about constitutional issues.  In the notorious
Leo Frank case in 1915, an innocent Jewish man was denied access to the
federal courts even though he had been convicted and sentenced to death in
a
trial dominated by an anti-Semitic mob," it continued. "This great country
of ours deserves a better brand of justice than Leo frank received.  The
habeas corpus title in these bills would turn back the clock of history,
reviving the very injustices we have tried so hard, and so long, to
overcome."

+++++++++++++++++




