
 Prophe-Zine #5

Credits
         Statement of Faith
                        & Other Information


Editor/Publisher:
Raymond B. Gano

Contributors  & their articles:

Raymond Gano...................Welcome to issue #5
Raymond Gano...................Born on the 4th of July
Robert Lee.........................Victories in the Con-Con Fight
Council on Domestic Relations.....NO CON-CON /COS
Sen. Charles R. Duke.......The Reason We Are Opposed  to a CON-CON, or COS
Michael F. Rivero.............FEMA Executive Orders List
John DiNardo ...................New World Army
John DiNardo....................Public Law 87-297
USA-FOREVER..................The New World Order
Timothy George................The Lure of the Apocalypse
Clay Willis.......................The Great Tribulation False
John Kinsella...................The Real Conspiracy Theory
What is the New World Order, A time line of events and dates
Prophe-Zine News Bites.....Assorted sources and contributing authors
Rudy Hulstrom..................New Age Update **NEW**

Special thanks:

Publication Cycle Notice: Beginning with Prophe-Zinem #1, Prophe-Zine
will be published (up loaded), on the 15th of each month.

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine


Statement of Faith


THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in

 Matthew 28:19:
                          "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

In His service,

Ray Gano


The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine

Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1995 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Certain products, titles, and services mentioned are trademarks of their
respective owners. Apple, Mac, and Macintosh are registered trademarks of
Apple Computer, Inc. Prophe-Zine is not affiliated in any way with Apple
Computer, Inc.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from
the author.  It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial
purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, MacDraw Pro, Color-It, JPEGview, Popcorn, OnLine Bible
KJV 2.1, plus any other freeware that I can get my hands on to fill up the
hard drive and use up even MORE RAM (needs 8 more megs, those graphics are
killing me)

OOPS.... I Forgot

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine  articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!


****************************************

Welcome to issue #5

Hello all and thank you for taking the time to download and read
Prophe-Zine. Prophe-Zine is a e-zine that deals with Bible Prophecy and
World Events. In this issue I am going to put on my patriot hat and share
some articles dealing with the grassroots movements to take away our
Liberty and Freedoms and move us into a One World Government.  We are going
to take a look at some of those "conspiracys" that you hear so much about.
More and more people are becoming aware of what is happening and it is very
interesting to see Bible Prophecy come to pass. Ever since the Oklahoma
Bombing more and more people have been finding out for themselves that
there is a major push to lead our country into a One World Government.
Because of this, more people have been digging into those dusty Bibles and
finding the Lord. with all that is happening in todays world it is very
hard to say "it is just a fluke."

In this issue I am going to present articles dealing with Con-Con and COS.
Both of these are bills that want to rewrite the Constitution of the United
States. I am also going to be looking at the UN and what they have been up
to and some of the "conspiracys" that are being thrown about. It is funny
that more and more, people are seeing for themselves that there really is a
push to take our freedom away and sell us out to the New World Order. More
people are starting to say "Hey...those militia members were right...

So sit back and enjoy this issue of Prophe-Zine. Like always if you have
any comments, please write me. I am also looking for people to submit
articles. Next month I am going to be dealing with The Days of Noah and New
Age. Depending on you the readers and what you send me will dictate what
next months issue will be about.

May our Lord continue blessing you and your family.

In His service,

Ray Gano
ray673@best.com
raymond673@aol.com
gano@eworld.com


*************************************************

Born on the 4th of July

In the beginning of the contest with Britain, when we were sensible of
danger, we had daily prayer in this room for Divine protection. Our
prayers, Sir, were heard, and they were graciously answered. All of us who
were engaged in the struggle must have observed frequent instances of a
superintending Providence in our favor.....And have we now forgotten this
powerful Friend? Or do we imagine we no longer need His assistance?

I have lived, Sir, a long time, and longer I live, the more convincing
proofs I see of this truth..... that God governs in the affairs of man. And
if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without His notice, is it probable
that an empire can rise without His aid?

We have been assured, Sir, in the Sacred Writings that except the Lord
build the house, they labor in vain that  build it. I firmly believe this.
I also believe that, without His concurring aid, we shall succeed in this
political building no better than the builders of Babel; we shall be
divided by our little, partial local interests; our projects will be
confounded; and we our selfs shall become a reproach and a byword down to
future ages. And what is worse, mankind may hereafter, from this
unfortunate instance, despair of establishing government by human wisdom
and leave it to chance, war, or conquest.

I therefore beg leave to move that, henceforth, prayers imploring the
assistance of Heaven and its blessings on our deliberation be held in this
assembly every morning before we proceed to business.

This speech was the turning point in American history. The author,
Benjamin Franklin, was a very wise man. He said these words at a time when
ourfounding fathers were at wits end and about to give up, in fact,   We
the people.... almost did not come to pass. That speech that Ben Franklin
gave, very quietly and humbly, brought forth a nation.....

     Two days later,  rang these words.....

                WE THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES......

Thus begins what has become the oldest written constitution still in
effect today.

I had the great privilege,  by means of  modern satellite technology,  to
view the opening of the 104th Congress. These words spoken by Ben Franklin
in 1787 were echoed again by the new Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. He
called for a renewal in spirit and a renewal in action. To throw away our
little, partial local interests, so that we  the people can work the build
an even more perfect union, a union for the people, by the people and of
the people. We can not just let it stop there. We need to stay informed and
to let our elected leaders know what We the people want.

Here it is July 4th and to my surprise, people have forgotten that our
country was built on the firm foundation that our rights and libertys have
been given to us by our creator. It is funny that we the people have
forgotten that. I was also surprised to see that not one show about our
American heritage was not on. Nothing about our founding fathers, nothing
about the brave men who have died for this nation. Nothing in remembrance.
There were plenty of adds and stores open having sales though. Is that what
we have come down to? The day our nation was born whittled down to a Great
Sale day? What are we coming to....World Government?

"They that give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety."  - Ben Franklin, 1759

  "A lot of people say there's too much personal freedom.  When  personal
freedom's being abused, you have to move to limit it."          	
		President Clinton as quoted on MTV, April 19, 1994

"The strongest reason for the people to retain their right to keep and
bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves  against tyranny in
government."

					   -- Thomas Jefferson


 I challenge all of you who are God fearing, God loving and God honoring
people to remember that the responsibility is OURS. Please let us keep our
leaders in prayer. Pray for our God given country. Pray for our president,
Vice President, Senators, and Representatives. Let us pray for ALL our
leaders. Our state,county, city leaders. Let us remember to especially pray
for us, our selfs. For each of us being one in the blood and spirit of our
Lord Jesus Christ, are also the leaders of men. When the world is at it's
wits end and has no place to turn, the world turns to us, Christians of
today. So pray for each other so that we may stand.

Ephesians 6:11-13

6:11  Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against
the wiles of the devil.
6:12  For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against
principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this
world, against spiritual wickedness in high [places].
6:13  Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able
to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand.

May the Lord be with you . May he bless you and keep you, till the day we
together meet.

In His service,

Ray Gano   ray673@best.com


*********************************************

Victories in the Con-Con Fight

By: Robert W. Lee

On May 19, 1994, Utah Governor Mike Leavitt publicly unveiled his
controversial proposal to convene a Conference of the States for the
purpose of promoting "fundamental, structural change" to restore a proper
balance between the federal government and the states. Two days earlier, in
a memorandum addressed to interested parties, Leavitt and his deputy for
policy, LaVarr Webb, claimed that the Conference of the States process
would be "powerful" because it "relies upon precedents established by the
Founding Fathers at the time of our nation's birth." Describing our current
national government as "outdated and old- fashioned," they asserted that
"the problem we confront today regarding balance in the federal system is
similar to what the Founding Fathers of this country faced more than 200
years ago with regard to the Articles of Confederation." The duo declared
that it is "vitally important to see how the Founding Fathers solved the
problems of the weak Confederation," since some of what occurred then "can
help guide us today in restoring balance in the federal system."

History reveals that the Founders called a meeting of the states, which
became the constitutional convention, which, though convened for the
purpose of revising the Articles of Confederation, scrapped the Articles in
favor of an entirely new document.Less Than a Con-Con?

In their May 17th memo, Leavitt and Webb expressed the hope that a process
"less disruptive than calling a constitutional convention" can be achieved,
but held out the possibility that if "Congress refused to consider or pass
the amendments" that emerge from a Conference of the States, "the states
would have the option themselves of calling a constitutional convention to
consider the amendments."The governor's proposal drew prompt criticism from
conservatives concerned about its potential for instigating a
constitutional convention. Leavitt "solved" the problem with a semantic
adjustment, dropping all references to a con-con while keeping the original
blueprint intact. A revised version of the plan, carrying his name alone,
was printed in July 1994 by Utah's two largest daily newspapers. The
revision dropped the reference to "calling a constitutional convention to
consider the amendments," and asserted instead that "the states would have
the final option of taking constitutional action themselves."

In addition, the reference to reliance "upon precedents established by the
Founding Fathers at our nation's birth" became reliance "upon principles
established at the time of our nation's birth...." (Emphasis added.) The
switch from "precedents" to "principles" was viewed by some as an attempt
to divert attention from the only precedent for a Conference of the States,
which resulted in the only constitutional convention held to date in our
country's history.

The potential for a con-con was still there, to be sure. It was merely
camouflaged in a way that misled many to believe that it had been
abandoned. By January of this year, the Conference of the States had been
endorsed by most governors, as well as by such prestigious organizations as
the National Governors Association, the Council of State Governments, the
Advisory Council on Intergovernmental Relations, and the National
Conference of State Legislatures. Quick approval by at least a simple
majority of states (26 of the 50) required to convene the Conference
appeared to be a sure thing, and talk within pro-Conference circles shifted
from whether the conference would be held to what its outcome would be.

Moving Ahead

The first step after a majority of states signed on was to be an
organizing session in July, followed by the Conference itself in late
October during which concrete proposals (including constitutional
amendments) would be approved.First to pass a "Resolution of
Participation," on January 16, 1995, was Governor Leavitt's own state of
Utah. To assure that he would have the honor of being first to sign the
measure, the legislature passed it on the first day of the session (January
16th) without hearings or debate. The vote was 75 to 0 in the House and 27
to 1 in the Senate. Two days later, Arkansas followed suit, also without
hearings. On January 20th, Virginia gave its blessing (without hearings),
as did Delaware (without hearings) on January 26th and Kentucky (without
hearings) the next day. On February 2nd, resolutions were passed with
similar haste  and lack of scrutiny in Idaho, Missouri, and Iowa. Ohio,
Arizona, Wyoming, and South Dakota soon came aboard, and by mid-February
the tally stood at 12 to 0 in favor of a Conference of the States. The
juggernaut was rolling, and did indeed appear to be unstoppable.

But then the well-oiled Conference machine ran into a brick wall. Whereas
early votes approving Resolutions of Participation had been taken in an
informational vacuum, a grassroots opposition movement led by the John
Birch Society and its nationwide network of educational activists began to
materialize. The Birch Society had first drawn its members' attention to
the threat posed by the Conference of the States in its January Bulletin,
where Don Fotheringham, the Society's point man on the issue, warned that
the Leavitt plan was "potentially more dangerous than legitimate calls for
a con-con.

The governor, it seems, has concocted a whole new strategy for making
radical changes to our form of government -- a strategy that conflicts with
the amendment procedures provided by Article V in the U.S. Constitution."
While acknowledging that the current federal-state balance "tilts to the
far left in favor of federal power" and "is in dire need of correction,"
Fotheringham stressed that "no legislative or structural alterations can
properly be obtained by any joint activity of state executives."

To date, the most useful educational tool exposing flaws in the Conference
of the States has been Fotheringham's article, "Con-Con Call," which
appeared in the February 6th issue of The New American.* Once that article
began to circulate widely, demands for legislative hearings increased and
many lawmakers were made aware of the ominous implications of the proposed
Conference for the first time.

*NOTE: Reprints are available at three copies for $1.00; 100/$25.00;
1,000/$200, from American Opinion Book Services, P.O. Box 8040, Appleton,
WI 54913. Add 15 percent ($2.00 minimum) of order total for postage and
handling.


The Grassroots Grow

Serious grassroots opposition to the Conference of the States initially
surfaced in Colorado. The Senate approved the resolution in mid-February,
but by a surprisingly close vote of 21 to 14. The measure had been expected
to pass with minimal opposition. Spurred by Birch Society activists and
other concerned citizens, the House Judiciary Committee scheduled hearings.

On February 16th, the John Birch Society's Don Fotheringham testified
against the Conference. Fotheringham recollects that during his testimony
he told the committee that our country's Founders "understood their
sovereignty. They exercised it in liberating themselves from England, in
issuing the Declaration of Independence, in establishing the Articles of
Confederation, and in ordaining the U.S. Constitution. They understood the
power that resides in a free people, the power to create a government, and
the power to disband one." Fotheringham testified that Resolutions of
Participation in the Conference "would consolidate those same powers, no
matter what the meeting may be called." In passing such a resolution, he
advised the lawmakers, "You establish a delegation that is no longer
accountable to the legislature of Colorado. The process of appointing
delegates to meet with a majority of the other states to conduct federal
business releases them from all accountability to this body. That is
because, in a federal setting, such delegates are accountable only to the
people. That is the legal, the peaceful, process by which the revolutionary
force of a sovereign people is consolidated."

Commenting on attempts to add mollifying amendments to the resolution,
supposedly to make it con-con safe, Fotheringham described such efforts as
worthless, since "no amendment could be written that would have more power
than the forces consolidated by this process. Delegates of the people are
superior to Article V. They are superior to the Constitution. They are the
creators of constitutions, presidents, courts,  and congresses."*

*NOTE: In a number of states, one or the other (or both) of two amendments
have been appended to the resolution in the attempt to appease critics.
They read: "Adoption of the Resolution does not constitute an application
by the Legislature of [State] for the calling of a federal  Constitutional
Convention within the meaning of Article V of the United States
Constitution"; and, "The Conference of the States may not be convened as a
federal Constitutional Convention under Article V of the United States
Constitution."

At the conclusion of the day's testimony, Senate Majority Leader Tim
Foster, who had spoken in favor of the resolution, urged the committee to
postpone a vote until a majority of other states had passed their
resolutions. That way, Colorado could avoid defeating the measure and
thereby slowing momentum for the Conference. No vote was taken, and the
resolution died when the legislature adjourned for the year on May 8th.

Off Track

On April 2, 1995, the Salt Lake Tribune reported that Governor Leavitt's
policy director, LaVarr Webb, had "traveled to Sacramento in March to help
guide California's formal 'Resolution of Participation' to passage. There,
in a legislative committee room, Webb stared down dozens of angry
conservatives worried about undermining the Constitution. The California
lawmakers killed the resolution" by a vote of four to one. Tribune reporter
Laurie Sullivan quoted Governor Leavitt as saying: "They had 80-some-odd
people turn out to the hearing. They were booing and demonstrating. LaVarr
was basically the only [supporter] there."

According to Sullivan, "In a span of just weeks, the John Birch Society
has heaved the conference locomotive off-track." For his part, Webb told a
reporter for Salt Lake City's Deseret News that "there is a lot of
opposition from the real extreme right-wing wackos," whom he described as
"irrational" and unwilling to "listen to reason."

As we write, Resolutions of Participation have passed both houses of
legislatures in 14 states, but have been scuttled in 20 others,
including:INDIANA. Representative Dean Mock was instrumental in keeping
hiscolleagues up to date regarding the ominous implications of the
Conference of the States. Two slightly differing resolutions languished
with little support in either the House or Senate. They died when the
legislature adjourned for the year on April 30th.

LOUISIANA. Don Fotheringham testified against the Conference on March
29th, but the state's House Government Affairs Committee approved the
resolution that day by a narrow six to five vote. On April 18th, however,
the full House voted down the resolution by a margin of 57 to 27. Babs
Wilson, a parish chairwoman of the Republican Party, played a key role in
generating opposition to the resolution.

MARYLAND. After identical Conference resolutions were introduced in the
Senate and House, local John Birch Society members Ben and Betsy Boyce
arranged for Don Fotheringham to testify during hearings held in the Senate
on February 28th and in the House the next day. Summarizing his "Con-Con
Call" article from The New American, Fotheringham urged the Maryland
lawmakers to read the article and carefully consider what a Conference of
the States would actually entail. When he indicated to committee Chairman
(and Senate Majority Leader) Clarence Blount that he was nearing the end of
his testimony, the chairman asked him to instead "please go on," which he
did. No vote was taken that day.During the next day's hearings before the
House Commerce and Government Matters Committee, Colorado State Senator
Duke made a strong case against the resolution, explaining the uncertainty
of the ratification process even were the Conference to comply with Article
V and submit its action plan (States' Petition) to the states.

In testimony Fotheringham cited Utah's experience during the debate over
repeal of prohibition. Utah was a "dry" state, due in large part to the
influence of its heavily Mormon population, and all members of the
legislature had agreed to vote against the 21st Amendment. When Congress
and the liquor lobby realized that the legislature of Utah and many other
states had no intention of ratifying the 21st Amendment, Congress exercised
its Article V option to circumvent the legislatures by authorizing state
ratifying conventions instead. Congress and special interests then
influenced the delegate selection process to assure that even "dry" states
would pass the anti-prohibition amendment. It was by that strategy that
Utah, ironically, became the 36th and decisive state to legalize the sale
of liquor, despite overwhelming opposition from the state legislature.

Maryland's Senate committee opted to postpone a vote on the Conference
matter. But on March 13th, the House committee rejected the resolution by a
lop-sided tally of 16 to 4, thereby laying it to rest for the year.

MONTANA. Hearings were held in the Montana House on March 14th. Again, Don
Fotheringham was there, as were Montana Governor Marc Racico and Governor
Leavitt. It was the first time that Fotheringham and Leavitt had faced each
other during a hearing. The governors were allowed to speak both first and
last. In between, Fotheringham focused on the enormous power that could be
wielded by the Conference due to the Resolutions of Participation process.
He explained why the action plan produced by the Conference would not
necessarily come back to the state legislatures for ratification, and made
clear that the John Birch Society was not accusing Conference sponsors of
attempting to hold an Article Vconvention per se, but rather of
consolidating the forces that would amount to such a convention.

As Fotheringham has pointed out on other occasions, delegates to the
Conference of the States would already have the con-con power, so there
would be no need to announce to the world that it was a con-con. If and
when 26 legislature-approved Resolutions of Participation are secured, the
delegates to the Conference "can do whatever they please, whether they call
it a constitutional convention or not." The resolutions, Fotheringham
stresses, are the problem. "They energize the concept. When you meet in a
federal setting with other states to do federal business, you are a con-con
whether you call it one or not."

The hearing was thorough, both sides were given ample opportunity to make
their case, and the event was extensively covered by both the print and
electronic media. The House committee opted not to vote that day, but later
rejected the resolution (March 14th) by a vote of six to five.

NEW MEXICO. On March 7th, Fotheringham arrived at the state capitol in
Santa Fe to give testimony at hearings which, according to the day's
printed agenda, were to be held on the House side. It soon became apparent
that a proverbial "fast one" was being attempted, since the House hearings
were merely for the purpose of appropriating expense money for Conference
delegates. Some sleuthing by Fotheringham and John Birch Society members
Lee Gonzales and Gary Krieger eventually determined that the Conference,
under another name, was being scrutinized by the Senate Rules Committee.
The three arrived at the hearing room as Senate Minority Whip Timothy
Jennings was about to call for a vote. Jennings mistakenly assumed that
Fotheringham was representing Mike Leavitt, and told him, "Governor Leavitt
offered to come here today, but I told him I didn't think it would be
necessary and that we had everything all worked out here." After allowing
brief statements by Fotheringham, Gonzales, and Krieger, the committee
passed the resolution unanimously. It was subsequently approved by the full
Senate and sent to the House Judiciary Committee.

The bill was placed on the House calendar for March 15th. By law, the
legislature would adjourn by noon on March 18th. No hearings were held on
the 15th, nor at any other time. Over the next four days, however, a number
of key legislators availed themselves of the opportunity to study the issue
more thoroghly. At the last moment, only three minutes prior to
adjournment, the House Speaker called up the Conference resolution for a
vote. He claimed that there was no longer a con-con problem, since the
measure had been amended to preclude one. Thanks to some last-minute floor
work by State Representative Lorenzo Larranaga, however, it quickly became
apparent as the voting lights flashed that a major upset was in the making.
The resolution went down to defeat, 42 to 21.

Other states in which the Resolution of Participation has either been
voted down, or the legislature has adjourned without passing it, include
Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Kansas, Minnesota, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, and West Virginia.

New Strategy

The Conference of the States will not be held in 1995 as planned. Governor
Leavitt and other spokesmen admit that burgeoning grassroots opposition has
forced them to cancel the July organizing meeting and to postpone the
confab itself that was originally scheduled for October 22nd-25th in
Philadelphia.

On April 21st, the Conference of the States steering committee, chaired by
Governor Leavitt, met in Florida to figure out how to reverse the
misfortune that has befallen the Conference cause. Earlier, Leavitt had
indicated that he might be willing to forego the Resolutions of
Participation, which would solve the problem, but the steering committee
(with his support) not only decided to keep the Resolutions as part of the
process, but increase the effort to achieve passage by a majority of state
legislatures next year. Leavitt himself questioned whether or not it would
be possible to attract governors and other state leaders to the Conference
if the Resolutions were abandoned, since it would be perceived as a defeat,
and there would be a risk of losing top- level delegations because they
would have lost a sense of urgency.The steering committee also decided to
launch a massive effort to establish a fund-raising and lobbying entity to
help spread the pro-Conference message to state lawmakers prior to
legislative action next year.

According to a March 25th report by the Salt Lake Tribune's Laurie
Sullivan, the "American Legislative Exchange Council [ALEC] and the State
Legislative Leaders Foundation will join the Council of State Governments,
the National Governors Association, and the National Conference of State
Legislators as official conference conveners." ALEC has for many years
advocated a constitutional convention, if necessary, to achieve approval of
a balanced budget amendment. The Washington-based Heritage Foundation,
which periodically lends its aura of conservatism to questionable causes
(it backed GATT and NAFTA, and is presently urging that NATO be expanded to
include "former" communist countries that the U.S. would be obligated to
defend), is, according to Governor Leavitt, one of the entities "drafting
scholarly position papers stating the conference could not, would not
become a constitutional convention."

As noted earlier, the Conference resolution has passed in 14 states, but
has been rejected by vote or inaction in 20. As we write, the count since
mid-February stands at two for and 20 against the Resolutions of
Participation. It is an impressive turn- around, but is also merely the
first skirmish in what could prove to be a long, drawn-out conflict. Those
who would defend the Constitution by opposing the Conference must guard
against complacency, and re-double their efforts in coming months, lest
they risk the fate of the hare that raced the tortoise in Aesop's
instructive fable.

Plans are presently underway for a "federalism summit" this autumn which,
Conference promoters hope, will attract the support of at least 26 states.
If that magic number is reached, Governor Leavitt has said that the
"summit" will be transformed into a "convening meeting" at which governors
and legislators will make plans for a future Conference of the States.
Otherwise, the event will simply proceed as a "summit," and may include not
only governors and legislative leaders, but "perhaps even mayors, city
councilmen, members of the courts -- both state and national...." It will,
Leavitt predicts, "be an important watershed event in and of itself..." As
for the Conference of the States, he speculates that "it will happen, and
it will happen sometime, but it doesn't have to happen immediately."


THE NEW AMERICAN -- June 12, 1995 Copyright 1995 -- American Opinion Publishing, Incorporated P.O. Box 8040, Appleton, WI 54913
SUBSCRIPTIONS: $39.00/year (26 issues)

WRITTEN PERMISSION FOR REPOSTING REQUIRED: Released for informational
purposes to allow individual file transfer and non- commercial mail-list
transfer only. All other copyright privileges are reserved. Address
reposting requests to  birch@athenet.net or the above address.


************************************************


NO-CON-CON! Very Important Ammunition !!!

 Date: 19 Mar 95 13:31:58 EST
 From: Dan Druck
 To: All
 Subject: NO-CON-CON! VERY IMPORTANT AMMUNITION !!!


 The following is a text transcript of a *VERY IMPORTANT* letter faxed to
our  national headquarters.  We would be happy to fax a copy of the letter
to  any requests.  Call (217) 854-4008.

           COUNCIL on DOMESTIC RELATIONS
                   P.O. Box 138
            Carlinville, Illinois  62626
      Voice: (217) 854-4008 / (708) 471-6747
               Fax: (217) 854-4343
        E-Mail: 73543,2304@compuserve.com
 __________________________________________________________

 [LETTERHEAD]
 The Florida State University
 Tallahassee, Florida  32305-1063
 "College of Law"


March 10, 1995

 Mr. Eric J. Thorn
 Legislative Analyst
 House Republican Office
 323 The Capitol
 Tallahassee, FL 32399-1300

 Dear Mr. Thorn,

      This is in response to your inquiries regarding HCR 1401, which
calls for the convening of a "Conference of States" and would authorize
Florida's participation in such a conference. As professors of
constitutional law at the Florida State University College of Law, we are
extremely troubled by the possibility that this proposed Conference could
be construed as an application for a constitutional convention under
Article V of the United States Constitution. Such a convention could evolve
into a wholesale assault on our Constitution, and lead to proposals for
destroying our present constitutional system. The history of the 1787
constitutional convention indicates that once a constitutional convention
is convened, the delegates to that convention could expand the agenda of
the convention beyond its original purposes, dictate their own rules for
the ratification of the convention's proposals, and therefore circumvent
the fairly stric requirements of Article V. Moreover, again using the 1787
experience as our model, no external authority -- neither Congress, the
courts, nor states that disagree with the convention's proposals -- would
have the legal authority to reject the convention's decisions if the
convention itself deemed those decisions binding on the entire country.

      Our conclusions about the dangers of the "Conference" proposed in
HCR 1401 are not mitigated by the ambiguous phrasing of the proposal, nor
by the final subsection stating that the Concurrent Resolution "does not
constitute an application by the Legislature of the State of Florida for
the calling of a federal Constitutional Convention within the meaning of
Article V of the United States Constitution."  It is essential to keep in
mind that the "Conference of the States" could define its objectives for
itself, and could reject preexisting limitation on its authority, just as
the 1787 convention abandoned the limitation imposed on it by the Articles
of Confederation. The broad language of the Concurrent Resolutionauthorizes
the Conference to "reform the Federal Government" and authorizes conference
delegates to "propose, debate and vote on elements of an action plan to
restore checks and balances between the states and the national
government."  These broad mandates could easily be construed by the
Conference as providing it the authority to fundamentally revise our
existing constitutional structure.

      It is the strange (and dangerous) nature of a constitutional
convention that it defines its own objectives and sets the guidelines for
its own success. Once a constitutional convention begins, the only limit on
its power is political. The federal courts have consistently refused to
entertain questions regarding the legitimacy of constitutionalamendments
(see Coleman v. Miller, 307 U.S. 433 (19139)). Therefore, a new
constitutional convention presents the disturbing prospect of many
different political bodies -- the Conference, the existing federal
government, dissenting states -- all vying for preeminent political
authority without the possibility of judicial review to settle the dispute
peacefully. This is truly a recipe for a constitutional crisis, and the
destabilizing effects of such a crisis would reach into every aspect of our
political, legal, and economic life.

      We emphatically urge the Florida legislature to reject CDR 1401, or
at the very least to postpone the decision of the concurrent resolution
until the legislature has given careful and detailed consideration to the
many potentially disastrous implications that accompany even an ambiguous
call for a constitutional convention. The United States Constitution is the
greatest political document since the Magna Carta. Much of this country's
strength and international moral authority are attributable to the
Constitution's careful balancing of rights, responsibilities, and powers.
Joining a "Conference of States" as defined in HCR 1401 is the first,
radical step down a very slippery slope toward upsetting that balance. We
urge you to resist taking that step.

                          Sincerely,

                          [signature]

                          Steven G. Gey
                          "John W. and Ashley E. Frost"
                          "Professor of Law"


                          [signature]

                          Nat Stern
                          "Professor of Law"


 ____________________________________

 THE MESSAGE: "Only 13 states have approved the COS resolution and  only
one of those was in the past six weeks. Since March 5th, 16  states have
killed or tabled the resolution because documentation  has become available
that demonstrates there is an intent to  generate a Constitutional
Convention. The Denver Post (3-31)  carried an AP article which stated the
planners of the COS hoped  to have 38 STATES BY JUNE . The relevance here
is that 34 states  can petition Congress for a Con-Con and 38 states are
required for  ratification (either legislatures or ratifying conventions
-our  legislators can be bypassed in favor of ratifying conventions).

 GINGRICH TO ATTEND COS AS A CONGRESSIONAL DELEGATE?  Many  legislators
believe the COS cannot become a Con-Con because under  Article V the
Congress must call a convention when 34 states  apply. Governor Leavitt
said Newt Gingrich and Bob Dole are very  "friendly" to the COS and hope to
have a "Congressional  Delegation" at the Conference. To confirm that,
Trish Katsen,  free-lance journalist and Spotlight reporter, said today she
spoke  with Newt last week at the Capitol Hill Club. When she asked him  if
he was going to the COS he said if he is invited he will. Trish  then told
him she had heard he already had been invited and he  said he would join a
congressional delegation. When asked how many  members of Congress would be
there Gingrich replied that he didn't  know - that it would be up to the
Governors to decide and that he was working with them on this.

 The relevance here is that if 34 states have sanctioned delegates  at the
COS and pass a resolution (their States' Petition?) calling  for a Con-Con
the Congressional Delegation, representing the U.S.  Congress, could open
the Con-Con on the spot. They could amend or  rewrite our Constitution and
if 38 states are represented, it can  be ratified all under one roof. They
go in representing our  Republican form of Government under the
Constitution for the  United States of America and come out... God only
knows what. Can  you see how urgent your involvement is?. ..and if not you,
then  who?

 MAY GOD BLESS AMERICA AND GUIDE OUR EFFORTS TO KEEP HER FREE


********************************************

The Reason We Are Opposed to a CON-CON, or COS


By Charles R. Duke
Colorado State Senator - District 9
cduke@csn.org
January 23, 1995
(719) 481-9289
(303) 866-4835


               For some time now there has been a movement afoot in this
nation for states to call for a Constitutional Convention (Con-Con).  To
date, 32 states have made a request for a Con-Con by passing a joint
resolution through their state legislative bodies.  Colorado is one of
these, having passed Senate Joint Memorial 1 in 1978.

               There are many, this writer among them, who believe this
would be a very serious mistake.  Usually, the Con-Con (sometimes called
Philadelphia II) is proposed to meet in Philadelphia and the document most
often suggested to replace our present Constitution is the Newstates
Constitution, which
will be the subject of a future column.

               There are three states which have rescinded their request.
The promoters of the Con-Con, however, contend that passing a joint
resolution to rescind that state's request does not actually alleviate the
fact that the request was in fact made. It is the same philosophy that says
you cannot unring a bell.

               At least one of these three (Nevada) included in their
rescission resolution the direction to return to the official records for
1979, which was the year Nevada adopted their  request (SJR 8) for a
Con-Con, draw a black border around the portion of the journal which
contained SJR 8, and write the words, "Expunged by order of the Assembly
this 24th day of June, 1989", across the face of the record.  The effect of
this, which passed the Nevada Assembly in 1989, is to actually remove from
the historical record the request itself.  This should place Nevada in a
stronger position legally to deny that its request for a Con-Con is any
longer valid.

               For a Con-Con to happen, it must have been requested by 34
states.  Depending on your viewpoint concerning rescissions, we are either
2 short or 5 short of that moment.  The promoters of Philadelphia II have
been unable to secure the final two states. You will see why when you see
more details of the Newstates Constitution.

               As the States' Rights Movement gains momentum across
America, there have been and will continue to be attempts to stop or
sidetrack the movement.  In general, Philadelphia II promoters are moving
in the opposite direction from state sovereignty.

               A clever but insidious device created by Governor Michael
Leavitt of Utah last year calls for a Conference of States  (COS).  This
idea was picked up by a lobbying organization known as the Council of State
Governments (CSG), which may be thought of as the ultimate government
lobbying agency.  Its members, with memberships paid by tax dollars, belong
to all levels of government, from state to county to city.  Late last year,
the idea of the COS was endorsed by the National Governor's Conference.

               This COS is an extremely dangerous action to take.  An
officially sanctioned meeting by 38 states has the power, if it wishes, to
turn itself into a Con-Con by simply passing a resolution to that effect.
It derives this power from the Tenth Amendment, which fundamentally says
that states have any power they wish, so long as it is not prohibited by
the Constitution. The COS differs from other national meetings that might
be held because the appointment of the delegates and the state endorsement
of the meeting are by a resolution from your legislature, most unusual.

               As further evidence, CSG speaks of the need for
"structural, long-term changes" to government being needed.  It is proposed
that COS be held in Philadelphia in the late Summer or early Fall of 1995.
Gov. Leavitt's own position paper on the COS states that our national
government is "outdated and old- fashioned."  He states, "It is not suited
for the fast-paced, high-tech, global marketplace we are entering.  There
is a much better way."

               In the Colorado general Assembly, we have Senate Joint
Resolution 9, introduced on January 19, 1995, by Senator Jeff Wells, the
Majority Leader of the Colorado Senate.  It is Colorado's request to
participate in the COS.  Our delegation would consist of seven members, one
from the Governor's office and three each appointed by the Speaker of the
House and the President of the Senate.

               It is said their work will have to be ratified by the
states, and people no doubt think that means the Legislature. But our
Constitution permits ratifying conventions to ratify changes or replacement
of our Constitution, completely bypassing the state legislatures.  The COS
could decide all these matters
 in convention, including the appointment of delegates to a ratifying
convention.

               SJR 9 represents a process that should be defeated.  The
last Conference of the States that was called in 1786 ultimately resulted
in a new Constitution.  Although that document was momentous, many
participants in that conference warned us not to let it happen again.  The
Con-Con con must be stopped.


Charles R. Duke
Colorado State Senator - District 9

***************************************************


FEMA Executive Orders List

  In response to queries as to what the FEMA laws really comprise, I am
posting this article which was mailed to me.

  I have called the Federal Registry to confirm that the actual
Presidential Executive Orders listed below are factual.

  All other contents have not yet been checked.

  PLease take it upon yourself to verify EVERYTHING you read here.Take
nobody's word for anything (not even mine). Find your own facts.

-----


F.E.M.A. (Federal Emergency Management Agency) has been authorized for the
past 15 years by Presidential Executive Orders to confiscate all property
from the American People, separate families in the current 43 internment
camps (already built and operational by the way, 5 of which are located in
Georgia.  The largest can confine somewhere on the orderof 100,000 American
citizens), called relocation camps by the government, for assignment to
work camps; declares martial law and totally overrides the U.S.
Constitution.  Presidential Executive Orders that are related or control
this are given at the end of this.  Two of the state prisons here in
Georgia are currently empty, although manned by a minimul number of staff,
have been setup and intentionally unpopulated by prisoners just to support
this political policy.

Concentration (internment) Camps.  An Executive Order signed by
thenPresident Bush in 1989 authorized the Federal Emergency Management
Agency (F.E.M.A.) to build 43 primary camps (having a capacity of 35,000 to
45,000 prisoners EACH) and also authorized hundreds of secondary
facilities.  It is interesting to note that several of these facilities can
accommodate 100,000 prisoners.  These facilities have been completed and
many are already manned but as yet contain no prisoners. (Remember all the
talk of over-crowded prisons that exist...).  In south Georgia there are
several state prisons that except for a few guards, are completly devoid of
prisoners.

Under F.E.M.A., the Executive Orders which are already written and is the
current law of the land, calls for the COMPLETE suspension of the United
States Constitution, all rights and liberties, as they are currently known.
The following executive orders, which are in the Federal Register located
in Washington DC for anyone to request copies of, call for the suspension
of all civil rights and liberties and for extraordinary measures to be
taken in, as most of the orders state, "any national security emergency
situation that might confront the government."  When F.E.M.A. is
implemented, the following executive orders will be immediately enforced:

E.O. 12148 - FEMA national security emergency, such as: national disaster,
social unrest, insurrection, or national financial crisis.

E.O. 10995 - "... provides for the seizure of all communications media
in the United States."

E.O. 10997 - "... provides for the seizure of all electric power,
petroleum, gas, fuels and minerals, both public and private."

E.O. 10998 - "... provides for the seizure of all food supplies and
resources, public and private, and ALL farms, lands, and equipment."

E.O. 10999 - "... provides for the seizure of all means of transportation,
including personal cars, trucks or vehicles of any kind and total control
over all highways, seaports, and waterways."

E.O. 11000 - "... provides for the seizure of ALL American people for work
forces under federal supervision, including splitting up of families if the
government has to."

E.O. 11001 - "... provides for government seizure of all health, education
and welfare functions."

E.O. 11002 - "... designates the postmaster general to operate a national
registration of all persons."  (Under this order, you would report to your
local post office to be separated and assigned to a new area.  Here is
where families would be separated).

E.O. 11003 - "... provides for the government to take over ALL airports
and aircraft, commercial, public and private."

E.O. 11004 - "... provides for the Housing and Finance Authority to
relocate communities, designate areas to be abandoned and establish new
locations for populations."

E.O. 11005 - "... provides for the government to take over railroads,
inland waterways, and public storage facilities."

E.O. 11051 - "... the office of Emergency Planning (has) complete
authorization to put the above orders into effect in time of increased
international tension or economic or financial crisis."

All of the above executive orders were combined by President Nixon into
Executive Order 11490, which allows all of this to take place if a national
emergency is declared by the President.

The Omnibus Crime Bill of 1990.  Ensures confiscation of all private
property via money laundering, environmental violations of the Clean Water
and Air Act, and extends as far as child abuse.  This act also coordinates
activities through F.E.M.A. and the Department of the Army, Commanding
General, U.S. Forces Command, Fort McPherson, GA which is the executive and
implementing agency upon initiation of many of these acts.The responsible
agency within U.S. Army Forces Command was what used to be known as the
Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations, Plans Division (DCSOPS, Plans), which
was changed several years ago to J-3 after the Headquarters became a joint
headquarters.  They keep on file copies of all F.E.M.A. Emergency
Management Operation Plans, including those plans developed by the Army to
support the F.E.M.A. plan to eliminate the U.S. Constitution upon
implementation.  According to current plans, the Constitution will be
temporarily discontinued and shelved until the real or perceived and
declaired 'threat' has been neutralized.  But once 'shelved,' as with
almost every other action of the Government, it stays shelved.

The Crime Bill of 1994.  Banning of all military weapons which are
necessary to the formation of a militia (when needed), denies other
military equipment to the people's militia units, prelude to confiscating
ALL guns in the hands of private citizens, destroys the 1st Amendment, and
makes virtually every American an outlaw. The agency responsible for the
actual implementation and search is the Department of the Army in concert
with local and state police, including F.E.M.A., FBI, BATF, and other
Federal Agencies.



Michael F. Rivero - rivero@netcom.com


***********************************************

Spotlight - FEMA Takes Over Reserve Forces No responses

The following article appeared in the 7/3/95 issue of The Spotlight.

 FEMA Takes Over Reserve Forces

A "helpful" federal agency now has its own army for use internally or
externally.

The U.S. Army Reserve Command (USARC) will be totally integrated into a
new plan by September 1996, which will relegate it to control by the
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA).

FEMA was established under President Jimmy Carter, by executive order, to
have virtual dictatorial powers over the people of the United States during
any "national emergency", as declared by the president.

During the early days of the Clinton administration the plan was altered
somewhat to place FEMA under the control of the National Security Council
and the president's national security adviser, a post currently held by
Anthony Lake.

According to headquarters of USARC, the plan will reorganize its structure
"in a move that will enhance its ability to support domestic missions and
improve it's readiness to go to war.

"An important feature of the plan is that it will permit the Army Reserve
to provide greatly enhanced federal military support to civilian
authorities and other federal agencies for domestic assistance missions.
The Regional Support Command boundaries coincide with the Standard Federal
Region (SFR) boundaries used by all federal agencies, including the Federal
Emergency Management Agency."

According to documents obtained from Army Reserve sources in Texas, the
following explanation of the new Regional Support Commands, under FEMA, was
provided to reservists as follows:

"You may have heard the expression that once a railroad train comes
through your living room, it will never be the same again. A train has
passed through the living room of the U.S. Army Reserve structure and it
will never be the same again."

In a Texas reserves briefing paper describing the "impact" of the new
alignment, it was stated "reservists will become to FEMA what National
Guardsmen are to state governors."

In other words, the reserve will serve at the direction of FEMA as the
National Guards of the various states are supposed to serve at the
direction of the governors.

In what appears to be an indication of dissension within the Army Reserve,
at least in Texas, individual reservists have been advised to "Pay close
attention to what you hear in the next few months. Position yourself to
take advantage of opportunities as they arise. Only you can decide if the
new Army Reserves will be compatible with the goals you have set for
yourself."

FEMA IN CHARGE

According to an explanation of the realignment reported by the head-
quarters of the USARC, under the new plan, 20 U.S. Army Reserve Commands
(ARCOMS) will now be reporting directly to ARCOM headquarters, and three
Regional Support Groups (RSGs) will report directly to Regional Support
Commands, configured within the ten FEMA boundaries.

From its strength of 319,000 soldiers in 1989, the Army Reserve will be
reduced to 208,000 by 1998.

Sources in Texas told the SPOTLIGHT there has already been an announced
reduction of 20,000 combat ready reserve troops and an additional 50,000
combat ready reservists will soon be added to the hit list.

According to ARCOM headquarters, the plan is "aimed to transform the Army
Reserve, not into a smaller version of the Cold War force, but into a new
Army Reserve, able to provide fully ready units for America's Army of the
next century and to provide a greatly enhanced capability IN SUPPORT OF
DOMESTIC ACTIONS."  FEMA Regions are also Standard Federal Region
boundaries. All federal agencies use these boundaries except for DOD
(Department of Defense).

"This alignment allows the USAR to use our combat support and combat
service support capabilities to support DOMESTIC MISSIONS and add intrinsic
value to the Administration's domestic agenda..."

According to Army Reserve sources in Texas, the reorganized reserves "will
give the nation a new level of capabilities for military supportto civilian
authorities. By establishing regionally based and focused assets to
compliment existing structure, FEMA will have regional planners and
managers to ASSIST IN DOMESTIC SUPPORT MISSIONS. The plan aligns the Army
Reserve with current administration commitment for an Army that can address
this country's needs both externally and internally in the form of domestic
support when called upon...."
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
  The Spotlight
  300 Independence Ave. SE
  Washington, D.C. 20003
  301-951-6292

**********************************************

THE NEW WORLD ARMY

By: John DiNardo

           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

   GUN CONTROL AND THE NEW WORLD ORDER

Today's "trivia" questions are......

"What are the *actual* connections between U.S. and Canadian military base
closings [and Armed Forces reductions] and the "New World Order", with its
accompanying "New World Police Force"? Why are a number of these U.S.
bases, currently slated to be closed for U.S. military use, currently
undergoing expensive renovations and additions? And why is GUN CONTROL
suddenly a PRIORITY political issue, with sweeping and accelerating
legislative momentum?"

You can check the following item out very quickly at the Library of
Congress, or at any large metropolitan reference library, and I can promise
you that it won't be time wasted!

Ask for a copy of VOLUME 9 of the 1982 EDITION [*not* the current,
replacement edition] of the U.S. CODE. Turn to page 554, where you'll find
the beginning of PUBLIC LAW # 87-297 [1961]. This law was signed by
President Kennedy in 1962, has received 18 subsequent updates, and its
provisions have been steadily implemented by every President since. IT
CALLS FOR THE ELIMINATION OF THE U.S. NATIONAL ARMED FORCES and further
declares that "NO ONE MAY POSSESS A FIREARM OR LETHAL WEAPON EXCEPT POLICE
AND MILITARY PERSONNEL". The progressive steps in its implementation are:

 1. the reduction of the U.S. Armed Forces to 2.1 million personnel.

 2. their irrevokable merger with Russian and Chinese forces,
    in two stages, to form a World Army [50% of total U.S.
    force strength will be merged in the first stage; the
    remaining 50% in the second stage].

 3. the irrevokable surrender of authority over such forces
    to the U.N. Secretary-General [ who alrady has a military
    planning staff of 80 general officers].

 4. THE CONFISCATION OF ALL PRIVATELY-HELD FIREARMS.

This law is taught and explained in the National War College, and the
various U.S. Armed Forces Academies. The New World Order will require an
Army: this is it, and presumably the U.S. itself [and Canada!] could then
find itself policed by foreign troops under the U.N. flag. By agreement,
THE COMMANDER OF THIS ARMY MUST ALWAYS BE A RUSSIAN! [See below for
documentation on this astonishing fact]

The relevant pages and sections are: page 554; page 555 [lower right-hand
side of page: defines "disarmament" as elimination of U.S. Forces and calls
for absolute restrictions on privately-owned "deadly weapons"]; page 557,
sections [a] and [d] [again, require U.S. to eliminate its Armed Forces];
page 558 deals with "policy formulation" [i.e. the accomplishment of these
goals]. George Bush said that the passing of authority to the
Secretary-General was "in transition"; the Supreme Court has already ruled
that the U.S. Constitution and its provisions stand UNDER the U.N. Charter
and the Resolutions of the United Nations. The U.S. Armed Forces are acting
as the U.N.'s "world policeman" in the interim.

The provisions of this law are further explained in STATE DEPARTMENT
PUBLICATION 72-77, which itself is published in unabridged form in the
35-page "BLUEPRINT FOR THE PEACE RACE", published by U.S. ARMS CONTROL AND
DISARMAMENT AGENCY [PUBLICATION #4, GENERAL SERIES #3, MAY 1962]. I'm sure
you find this hard to believe, but it's all there in black and white; read
it for yourself! The implications are staggering but the multiple military
base closings around the U.S take on a new perspective when you see the
agenda which that law commits the U.S. government to follow! Another small
tip is that new issues of uniforms [e.g. the new Air Force uniform]
reportedly have no "U.S."insignia. Canadian politicians are operating in
lockstep with their U.S. counterparts.

Please do go and read these documents for yourself. It's astonishing, but
it's exactly as I've described it to you. NAFTA is a small but vital part
of something *much* bigger!

Don't be misled by the wording of "Policy Formulation" on page 558 in
volume 9, U.S. CODE, 1982. It was re-written in 1963 to pacify objectors,
and forbids removal of firearms from the populace or reduction in national
armed strength "UNLESS IT IS PURSUANT TO THE TREATY-MAKING POWER OF THE
PRESIDENT OR AUTHORISED BY LEGISLATION OF THE CONGRESS"! The U.N Charter is
regarded as an already-binding treaty, so all that is required is a U.N.
Resolution or Congressional legislation to ban all "citizen" armaments.
George Bush's father, Preston, helped push this law [87-297] through
Congress. One of the experts on it is ex-State Senator Bernadine Smith [Box
1776, HANFORD, CALIFORNIA 93232], who resisted it bitterly, and knows its
contents and intent as well as anybody. Or you could just call the National
War College and ask innocently for more information on it!


Two interesting footnotes on PUBLIC LAW 87-297 {1961}:

 * 200 members of the Trilateral Commission had a late-March, 1993,
meeting over several days in Washington, at which they discussed and agreed
on the need for [guess what?] A NEW WORLD ARMY and for U.N. SOVEREIGN
CONTROL OF INDIVIDUAL STATES' IMMIGRATION POLICIES AND DECISIONS. On the
evening of the 28th of March, their representatives dined with key U.S.
government officials and presented these "recommendations", and then did
the same thing over breakfast the next morning with Clinton. So here it
comes! This will lead ultimately to an enormous concentration of power in
very few hands.

 * AFT, as the "compliance and enforcement" arm of the Treasury Department
[which has a CFR man heading it], has been unlawfully "compelling" gunshop
owners across the U.S. to provide the names, addresses and zip codes of all
"long gun" [rifle and shotgun] purchasers, when no legal requirement exists
for this. They are apparently creating a computerised registry of ALL
private weapons across the United States, by locality, street and house.
REMEMBER THE CONFISCATION REQUIREMENT FOR ALL PRIVATE WEAPONS EMBODIED IN
"A BLUEPRINT FOR THE PEACE RACE" AND IN STATE DEPARTMENT PUBLICATION #
72-77?

THIS LAW IS STILL IN THE *CURRENT* EDITION OF THE U.S. CODE, ALTHOUGH THE
PAGE NUMBERS HAVE BEEN CHANGED. YOU CAN FIND IT FAIRLY EASILY BY CHECKING
THE INDEX TO THE U.S.CODE.


   Part 2, THE NEW WORLD ARMY
           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

THE NEW WORLD ARMY MUST ALWAYS BE HEADED BY A RUSSIAN:

When Alger Hiss [later convicted and executed as a Soviet spy] set up the
U.N. with his U.S. State Department colleagues, they established the U.N.
DEPARTMENT OF POLITICAL AND SECURITY AFFAIRS, which would have jurisdiction
over ALL future U.N. military operations. WRITTEN INTO THE FINE PRINT OF
THE RULES AND REGULATIONS WHICH GOVERN THE U.N. IS THE RULE THAT THE HEAD
OF THIS U.N. DEPARTMENT WILL ALWAYS BE A SOVIET CITIZEN, MILITARY OFFICER,
OR PERSON DESIGNATED BY THE SOVIETS. THIS HAS BEEN THE CASE FOR THE PAST 47
YEARS, WITH THE FOLLOWING 14 COMMUNISTS HAVING CHAIRED THAT VITAL U.N. POST
SINCE 1946:

1944-49 Arkady Sobolev
1949-53 Konstantin Zinchenko
1953-54 Ilya Tchernychev
1954-57 Dragoslav Protitch
1960-62 Georgy Arkadev
1962-63 E.D. Kiselyv
1963-65 V.P. Suslov
1965-68 Alexei E. Nesterenko
1968-73 Leonid N.Kutakov
1973-78 Arkady N. Shevchenko
1978-81 Mikhail D. Sytenko
1981-86 Viacheslav A. Ustinov
1987-90 Vasilly S. Safronchuk

All were Soviet citizens. If you think that "Communism is dead", you're in
for a rude awakening! The names and faces have changed - not the
politicians, parties, military hierarchies OR the vast Russian expenditures
on military weaponry and material. And if you think that the U.N.ARMY will
be benign, you'll quickly reconsider whenforeign U.N. troops under,
ultimately, Russian command are drafted into your neighbourhood to suppress
dissent or "restore order" under the New World Order! They'll be armed, and
YOU won't.


                      - o O o -

So you think that this is fanciful? Read this UPI news item, which
appeared on 09/08/93.....

RUSSIAN-AMERICAN DEFENCE AGREEMENT CALLS FOR JOINT MANEUVERS WASHINGTON:
The United States and Russia signed an agreement Wednesday on military
cooperation that provides for joint military maneuversby the two former
Cold War foes.

    The Russian Defense Minister, General of the Army Pavel Grachev, who
is visiting Washington, signed the memorandum of understanding with Defense
Secretary Les Aspin at a Pentagon ceremony.

    The agreement calls for the two sides to hold joint maneuvers that
practice peacekeeping techniques.

    The agreement also calls for annual meetings between Grachev and Aspin
and their successors, exchanges between the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff and his Russian counterpart and a bilateral defense working group to
formulate projects of Russian-American defense.

    "This ceremony demonstrates again that the relationship between our
two countries is undergoing historic transformation," Aspin said.

    "As President Clinton and President Yeltsin said at their Vancouver
summit meeting," he said, "we are establishing a strategic partnership,"
Aspin said. "It is a partnership in which military and defense relations
play a leading role."

    "Russia places its highest priority on its cooperation with the United
States," Grachev said, "We promise to do all in our power...to realize this
agreement."

    The Russian-American ground maneuvers will train the two sides in
peacekeeping techniques. The first units to participate will be the U.S.
3rd Mechanized Infantry Division and the Russian 27th Motorized Rifle.

    Both division commanders, U.S. Maj. Gen. Leonard Holder, Jr. and
Russian Maj. Gen. Anatoliy Sidyakin, were on hand for the Pentagon
ceremony.

    "Our two commanders, right after the signing of this agreement, will
sit down at a table and start working out a whole series of steps to make
this all happen," Grachev said.

    Both Grachev and Aspin said they wanted to establish a "hotline"
between their respective defense establishments although provision for that
was not actually in the agreement they signed.

    In addition to joint peacekeeping exercises, the memorandum calls for
annual meetings between Aspin and Grachev and their successors, exchanges
between the chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff and his Russian
counterpart and a bilateral working group to think up more projects for
Russian-American military cooperation.

    No date or place for the first joint Russian-American ground maneuver
has yet been set.

    Pressed on whether the exercise would be held this year, Grachev noted
that the planning time needed for maneuvers of so large a scale would mean
that if so, it would probably have to start during the [?]

    "The 3rd Division commander," he joked, "said if it's OK with them, we
can go to Siberia and hold them there."

                      - o O o -

Interested in learning more? Download NWO_NO!.TXT from CRS Online,
Toronto, for more background information and an excellent reading list.

One of the best, most detailed and readable books you can find on this is
TOWARD A NEW WORLD ORDER, by DON McALVANY [available through any Christian
bookstore - Toronto Christian Book Centre [416] 481 4868 stocks it, for
example]. McAlvany is an ex-Intelligence officer whose McALVANY
INTELLIGENCE ADVISOR NEWSLETTER is universally held in high esteem for it's
readability, accuracy and coverage of forthcoming political, social and
economic events [Toronto Christian Book Centre has electronic "back issues"
of this invaluable publication on computer disk at just $3.99 each!]. Read,
prepare yourself and your family, get involved and ACT to protest and
resist the steady erosion of individual rights, privacy and freedom which
is the precursor to a New World Order of unimaginable regimentation,
control and slavery.

PLEASE COPY AND DISTRIBUTE THIS MATERIAL AS WIDELY AS YOU CAN.

If you *STILL* don't think it's happening? Read on....


   Part 3, THE NEW WORLD ARMY
           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


>From UPI, 09/05/94:

By JEFF BERLINER
MOSCOW, Sept. 5 (UPI) _ U.S. and Russian soldiers Monday set up
checkpoints in the strife-torn capital Atlantis, carrying out a U.N.
mandate to try to restore order, control a massive influx ofrefugees, calm
a hostile crowd, react to sniper fire, stop a gang of hooligans
and *manage a weapons handover*  - a fictional scenario being played out
in a training exercise in Russia.

    Atlantis is really Totskoye, a military site and town 800 miles (1,280
km) southeast of Moscow, and the 250 troops on each side are participating
in Peacekeeper '94, the first joint U.S.-Russian exercises held in either
country.

    ``This is based on the past experience of peacekeepers - ours in
Somalia and theirs in Moldova, Tadzhikistan and Georgia,'' Col. Richard
Bridges, U.S. spokesman for the exercise, said in a telephone interviewfrom
Totskoye.

    The scenario being played out at Totskoye involves a U.N.-dispatched
peacekeeper force sent to the capital of a country torn by civil war.
Russian and U.S. peacekeepers each occupy a sector of Atlantis and man a
combined checkpoint in the chaos-ridden but imaginary city while quick
reaction platoons are dispatched to trouble spots to deal with sniper fire
and outbreaks of violence.

    Peacekeepers must deal with a surge of refugees, attempts by hostile
crowds to break through troop lines, hooligans on the loose and the
*wholesale surrender of weapons*.

    A separate group of Russian soldiers is acting as hooligans and
refugees, making the language barrier a realistic part of the scenario when
U.S. peacekeepers confront hooligans whose talk they cannot comprehend. For
other parts of the exercise, the peacekeepers are acting in separate
sectors of Atlantis or, where they interact, they rely on interpreters. The
U.S. side brought two dozen of its own interpreters.

    A bilingual manual - ``Russian-United States Guide for Tactics,
Techniques and Procedures of Peacekeeping Forces During the Conduct of
Exercises'' - serves as the guiding document for the maneuvers, and could
serve as the basis for real-life joint U.S.-Russian peacekeeping duties,
though the exercise will also tell whether the peacekeeping guide needs
revision, Bridges said.

    Peacekeeper '94 spokesman Bridges, who described himself as a 23-year
veteran of the cold war, said it was refreshing to see Russian and U.S.
soldiers drilling side by side in preparation for what could become real
joint duties.

    ``Both sides are intent on making this a success,'' Bridges said.

    However, not everyone has been pleased by the maneuvers which
generated considerable controversy in Russia and calls by communists and
nationalists to cancel the operation. Protesters even journeyed to the
scene to parade their objections and display ``Yankee Go Home'' slogans and
sentiments.

    The U.S. colonel surprised the protesters, led by strident communist
Viktor Anpilov, by inviting them to a meeting for what was described as a
frank exchange of views. Bridges said he told Anpilov that the protesters'
presence was what democracy was all about, but the two sides parted ways
without resolving their political differences. The Russian far left and far
right object to U.S. soldiers on Russian soil and see it as a fearful sign
of things to come.

    However, Anpilov made good on his promise to remove the demonstrators
if U.S. military officers met them _ and the protesters left.

    Another visitor set to observe the joint maneuvers, U.S. Defense
Secretary William Perry, cancelled his trip to Moscow and his plans
Wednesday to go to Totskoye, citing more pressing events. Russian Defense
Minister Pavel Grachev still plans to go to Totskoye Wednesday.

    The U.S. soldiers come from an infantry regiment based in Schweinfurt,
Germany, while their Russian counterparts are from a rifle regiment based
in Totskoye.

                        - o O o -

If you doubt the direction that all of this is leading us in, read the
legal testimony of Dr. William R. Pabst of Houston, TX, reproduced by Bill
Cooper in his book, BEHOLD A PALE HORSE [ISBN 0929385225; Light Technology
Publishing; US$25], which I've *summarized* below. Dr. Pabst was engaged in
*suing* the US Government back in 1976 over it's concentration camp program.
Here are some of the salient points from his deposition:

  * under *martial law* citizens have no rights. This was emphasized to
police and militia recipients of L.E.A.A. [national police force training]
and, before Operation Cable Splicer Three, the Deputy Attorney
General of California commented that *anyone who attacks the State - even
verbally - becomes a revolutionary and an enemy by definition. ["Garden
Plot" is the code-name for control of the civil population; "Cable
Splicer", the code name for Federal Government-assumed control of State and
local governments]

  * An investigation was concluded in November, 1974, by AMERICAN
CHALLENGE [a conservative publication], the leftist NEW TIMES, the FUND FOR
INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALISM, and the OZARK SUNBEAM. They concluded that this
activity involves the potential creation of a police state by the use of
the Pentagon and its computerized intelligence dossiers nf thousands of
citizens, by the National Guard, state and local police depts., the
L.E.A.A., plain-clothes military forces, SWAT teams, and the Dept. of
Justice.

  * Brig. Gen. J.L. Julenic, senior Army officer of the Pentagon National
Guard Bureau is quoted as admitting: "I know of no state that did not have
some form of these exercises within the last year".

  * General Stanley R. Larsen, then-commanding general of the Sixth Army
said, at the conclusion of these exercises: "The most serious challenge
facing all of us will be the challenge of discharging our "legitimate
responsibilities".....Part of this challenge we must be prepared to deal
with; a *potentially dangerous portion of our society which, in truth,
could well become the domestic enemy*".

  * the CABLE SPLICER manual includes instructions on operation of
confinement facilities, handling and processing prisoners - including
searching, transporting, feeding, housing and handling of the special class
of persons called "detainees".

*The plan also specifically includes a proposition for confiscation of
privately-owned weapons and ammunition*

    I urge you to post the episodes of this ongoing series to other
newsgroups, computer networks, computer bulletin boards and  computer
mailing lists.  It is also important to post hardcopies on the bulletin
boards of campuses, churches, supermarkets,  laundromats, etc. -- any place
where concerned citizens can read this vital information.

  Our people's need for Paul Reveres and Ben Franklins is as urgent today
as it was 220 years ago.

                         John DiNardo

***********************************************



Public Law 87-297

By: John DiNardo


"What are the *actual* connections between U.S. military base closings and
the "New World Order", with its accompanying "New World Police Force"? Why
are a number of these bases, currently slated to be closed for U.S.
military use, currently undergoing  expensive renovations and additions?"

You can check the following item out very quickly at the Library of
Congress, or at any large metropolitan reference library, and I can promise
you that it won't be time wasted!

Ask for a copy of VOLUME 9 of the 1982 EDITION [*not* the current,
replacement edition] of the U.S. CODE. Turn to page 554, where you'll find
the beginning of PUBLIC LAW # 87-297 [1961]. This law was signed by
President Kennedy in 1962, has received 18 subsequent updates, and its
provisions have been steadily implemented by every President since. IT
CALLS FOR THE ELIMINATION OF THE U.S. NATIONAL ARMED FORCES and further
declares that "NO ONE MAY POSSESS A FIREARM OR LETHAL WEAPON EXCEPT POLICE
AND MILITARY PERSONNEL". The progressive steps in its implementation are:

 1. the reduction of the U.S. Armed Forces to 2.1 million personnel.

 2. their irrevokable merger with Russian and Chinese forces,  in two
stages, to form a     World Army [50% of total U.S. force strength will be
merged in the first stage; the     remaining  50% in the second stage].

3. the irrevokable surrender of authority over such forces to the U.N.
Secretary-General [ who already has a military planning staff of 80 general officers].

4. the confiscation of all privately-held firearms.

This law is taught and explained in the National War College,  and the
various U.S. Armed Forces Academies. The New World Order  will require an
Army: this is it, and presumably the U.S. itself  could then find itself
policed by foreign troops under the U.N.  flag. By agreement, THE COMMANDER
OF THIS ARMY MUST ALWAYS BE A  RUSSIAN!

The relevant pages and sections are: page 554; page 555 [lower  right-hand
side of page: defines "disarmament" as elimination  of U.S. Forces and
calls for absolute restrictions on  privately-owned "deadly weapons"]; page
557, sections [a] and [d] [again, require U.S. to eliminate its Armed
Forces]; page 558 deals with "policy formulation" [i.e.the accom- plishment
of  these goals]. George Bush said that the passing of authority to the
Secretary-General was "in transition";the Supreme Court has already ruled
that the U.S. Constitution and its provisions stand UNDER the U.N. Charter
and the Resolutions of the United Nations. The U.S. Armed Forces are acting
as the U.N.'s "world policeman" in the interim.

The provisions of this law are further explained in STATE DEPARTMENT
PUBLICATION 72-77, which itself is published in unabridged form in the
35-page "BLUEPRINT FOR THE PEACE RACE", published by U.S. ARMS CONTROL AND
DISARMAMENT AGENCY [PUBLICATION #4, GENERAL SERIES #3, MAY 1962]. I'm sure
you find this hard to believe, but it's all there in black and white; read
it for yourself! The implications are staggering but the multiple military
base closings around the U.S take on a new perspective when you see the
agenda which that law commits the U.S. government to follow! Another small
tip is that new issues of uniforms [e.g. the new Air Force uniform]
reportedly have no "U.S."insignia.

Please do go and read these documents for yourself. It's astonishing, but
it's exactly as I've described it to you. NAFTA is a small but vital part
of something *much* bigger!

Don't be misled by the wording of "Policy Formulation" on page 558 in
volume 9, U.S. CODE, 1982. It was re-written in 1963 to pacify objectors,
and forbids removal of firearms from the populace or reduction in national
armed strength "UNLESS IT IS PURSUANT TO THE TREATY-MAKING POWER OF THE
PRESIDENT OR AUTHORISED BY LEGISLATION OF THE CONGRESS"! The U.N Charter is
regarded as an already-binding treaty, so all that is required is a U.N.
Resolution or Congressional legislation to ban all  "citizen" armaments.
George Bush's father, Preston, helped push this law [87-297] through
Congress. One of the experts on it is ex-State Senator
Bernadine Smith [Box 1776, HANFORD,  CALIFORNIA 93232], who resisted it
bitterly, and knows its contents and intent as well as anybody. Or you
could just call the National War College and ask innocently for more
information on it!

Two interesting footnotes on PUBLIC LAW 87-297 {1961}:

 * 200 members of the Trilateral Commission had a late-March meeting over
several days in    Washington, at which they discussed and agreed on the
need for [guess what?]

A NEW WORLD ARMY and for U.N. SOVEREIGN CONTROL OF INDIVIDUAL STATES'
IMMIGRATION POLICIES AND DECISIONS. On the evening of the 28th of March,
their    representatives dined with key U.S. government officials and
presented these      "recommendations", and then did the same thing over
breakfast the next morning with    Clinton. So here it comes!  This will
lead ultimately to an enormous concentration of  power in very few hands.

 * AFT, as the "compliance and enforcement" arm of the Treasury Department
[which has a    CFR man heading it], has been unlawfully "compelling"
gunshop owners across the U.S.    to provide the names, addresses and zip
codes of all "long gun"  [rifle and shotgun] purchasers, when no legal
requirement exists for this. They are apparently creating a computerised
registry of ALL private weapons across the United States, by locality,
street and house.

REMEMBER THE CONFISCATION REQUIREMENT FOR ALL PRIVATE WEAPONS EMBODIED IN
"A BLUEPRINT FOR THE PEACE RACE" AND IN STATE DEPARTMENT  PUBLICATION #
72-77?

THIS LAW IS STILL IN THE *CURRENT* EDITION OF THE U.S. CODE, ALTHOUGH THE
PAGE NUMBERS HAVE BEEN CHANGED. YOU CAN FIND IT FAIRLY EASILY BY CHECKING
THE INDEX TO THE U.S.CODE.

So you think that this is fanciful? Read this news item,  which appeared
earlier this year.....

RUSSIAN-AMERICAN DEFENCE AGREEMENT CALLS FOR JOINT MANEUVERS

WASHINGTON: The United States and Russia signed an agreement Wednesday on
military cooperation that provides for joint  military maneuvers by the two
former Cold War foes.

The Russian Defense Minister, General of the Army Pavel Grachev, who is
visiting Washington, signed the memorandum of  understanding with Defense
Secretary Les Aspin at a Pentagon  ceremony.

The agreement calls for the two sides to hold joint maneuvers that
practice peacekeeping techniques.

The agreement also calls for annual meetings between Grachev and Aspin and
their successors, exchanges between the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff and his Russian  counterpart and a bilateral defense working group to
formulate projects of Russian-American defense.

"This ceremony demonstrates again that the relationship between our two
countries is undergoing historic transformation," Aspin said.    "As
President Clinton and President Yeltsin said at their Vancouver summit
meeting," he said, "we are establishing a strategic partnership," Aspin
said.

"It is a partnership in which military and defense relations play a
leading role."

"Russia places its highest priority on its cooperation with the United
States," Grachev said, "We promise to do all in our power...to realize this
agreement."    The Russian-American ground maneuvers will train the two
sides in peacekeeping techniques. The first units to  participate will be
the U.S. 3rd Mechanized Infantry Division and the Russian 27th Motorized
Rifle.

Both division commanders, U.S. Maj. Gen. Leonard Holder, Jr. and Russian
Maj. Gen. Anatoliy Sidyakin, were on hand for the Pentagon ceremony.

"Our two commanders, right after the signing of this agreement, will sit
down at a table and start working out a whole series of steps to make this
all happen," Grachev said.

Both Grachev and Aspin said they wanted to establish a "hotline" between
their respective defense establishments although provision for that was not
actually in the agreement they signed.

In addition to joint peacekeeping exercises, the memorandum calls for
annual meetings between Aspin and Grachev and their successors, exchanges
between the chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff and his Russian
counterpart and a bilateral working group to think up more projects for
Russian-American military cooperation.

No date or place for the first joint Russian-American ground maneuver has
yet been set. Pressed on whether the exercise would be held this year,
Grachev noted that the planning time needed for maneuvers of so large a
scale would mean that if so, it would probably have to start during the [?]

"The 3rd Division commander," he joked, "said if it's OK with them, we can
go to Siberia and hold them there."


John DiNardo

*****************************************

The New World Order

 Date: Sun, 11 Jun 1995 11:39:54 -0400 (EDT)

        In the past century, we have experienced an overwhelming  social
transformation. We are moving towards what one scholar,  Bertram Gross,
calls "friendly fascism" or socialism. We may   already be there. When the
difference between lies and truth no longer means anything, we become easy
to manipulate-fair game for  "mass media, world spanning corporations,
armies and intelligence  agencies," he wrote. " Meanwhile, the majority of
people have little part in the decisions that affect their families,
workplaces, schools, neighborhoods, towns, cities, country, and the world".


        Our Founding Fathers revolted against the near-total  government
of the English monarchy. But they knew that having no  government at all
would lead to chaos. So they set up a  Constitutional Republic with a very
limited government. They knew  that men prospered in freedom, and it was
Thomas Jefferson who  said, "the government that governs least, governs
best." Jefferson knew that if government were not enslaved, people soon
would be.

        This is the case in all communist and socialist countries.
Socialism is usually defined as government ownership and/or  control over
the basic means of production and distribution o  goods and services. When
analyzed this means government controls everything, including you. This
means no private property,  eliminating the family and wiping out religion.
We are being socialized in America and everybody knows it. The individual
pushing hardest for socialism have their own personal wealth protected in
family trusts and tax-free foundations. Men like Rockefeller and J.P Morgan
(the Insiders) are for every  socialist program known to man which will
increase our taxes.  yet they pay little, if anything, in taxes themselves.
An article published by the North American Newspaper Alliance in August of
1967 tells how the Rockefellers pay practically no income taxes  despite
their vast wealth. The article reveals that one of the  Rockefellers paid a
grand total of $685 in personal taxes during  that year. The Kennedys have
their Chicago Merchandise Mart, their mansions, yachts, planes, etc., all
owned by their myriads of family foundations and trust. Taxes are for the
peons! All their actions betray them as power seekers. Although Rockefeller
may insist that he wields no real "power," and here in the United States
his name rarely appears in the news, citizens of other nations have some
difficulty with his demure attitude toward his own world position. In some
countries, particularly in Latin America, where loans from Rockerfeller's
Chase Manhattan Bank propped up tyrannical regimes, his mere presence
causes riots. Rockefeller's 1986 visit to Argentina set off the worst
domestic uprising that country had seen in years.

        The fact of the matter is that these men are very powerful  and
extremely influential in creating policies in the world. They are the
insiders. How did they attain such powerful positions? And just how
powerful are they?

        First of all, we must ask this. Where do governments get the
enormous amounts of money they need? Most comes from taxation; but
government often spends more than they are willing to tax their  citizens
and so are forced to borrow. Our national debt is several  trillion dollars
and growing-every cent of it borrowed at interest  from somewhere. The
public is led to believe that our government borrows from "the people"
through savings bonds. Actually, only  the smallest percentage of the
national debt is held by individuals  in this form. Most government bonds,
except those owned by the government itself through it's trust funds, are
held by vast banking firms known as international banks.

        Whenever a business firm borrows big money its creditors  obtain a
voice in management to protect its investment. Like a  business, no
government can borrow big money unless it is willing to surrender some
measure of its sovereignty as collateral. Certainly international bankers
who have loaned hundreds of  billions of dollars to governments around the
world command considerable influence in the policies of such governments.

        Nothing drives government deeply into debt like a war; and it has
not been uncommon practice among international bankers to finance both
sides of the bloodiest military conflicts. For  example, during our Civil
War the North was financed by the  Rothchilds through their American agent,
August Belmont, and the South through the Erlangers, Rothchilds relatives.
Once the  government is in debt to the bankers it is at their mercy. A
frightening example was cited by the London Financial Times of  September
26, 1921, which revealed that even at that time, "Half a dozen men at the
top of the Big Five Banks could upset the  whole fabric of government
finance by refraining from renewing Treasury Bills". These international
bankers owned as  private corporations the Central Banks of various
European nations  and wished to do the same in the United States, which the
founding father were strictly against.

         Except for a brief interlude, the US operated without a true
central bank from the time of its founding until 1913, a period of 124
years. From the earliest days, the founding fathers had been conscious of
attempts to control America through money manipulation, and they carried a
running battle with the  international bankers. Thomas Jefferson wrote to
John Adams:" ...I  sincerely believe, with you, that banking establishments
are more  dangerous than standing armies....." Karl Marx said that the
establishment of a central bank was ninety percent of socializing a
country.

        Through manipulation and propaganda these powerful and
influential men were able to "stage" the panic of 1907 in which people lost
faith in the banks and pulled their money out causing many banks to fail.
All of this was part of J.P. Morgan  and others plan to start a Central
Bank in America, but they knew  the term "central bank" had to be avoided
because the people didn't  want it. What they came up with was the Federal
Reserve System, and with their money and influence it was not difficult to
manipulate President Woodrow Wilson to get the Federal Reserve Act Bill
passed. When the Federal Reserve system was foisted on an  unsuspecting
American public, there were absolute guarantees that  there would be no
more boom and bust cycles. The men who, behind the scenes, were pushing the
central bank concept for the international bankers faithfully promised that
from then on  there would be only steady growth and perpetual prosperity.
However, Congressman Charles A. Lindenbergh Sr. accurately  proclaimed:
"From now on depressions will be scientifically   created". Using a central
bank to create alternate  periods of inflation and deflation, and thus
whipsawing the public  for vast profit, had been worked out by the
international bankers to an exact science. Having built the Federal Reserve
as a tool to consolidate and control wealth, the international bankers were
not ready for a major killing. Between 1923 and 1929, the Federal Reserve
expanded (inflated) the money supply by sixty-two percent. Much of this new
money was used to bid the stock market up to dizzying heights. This was the
stock market crash of 1929 and it was no accident. It was followed by the
worst  depression in U.S. history. Although we have not had another
depression of that magnitude, we have suffered regular recessions. Each of
these has followed a period in which the Fed tromped down  hard on the
money accelerator and then slammed on the brakes. It is clear that those
who run the Federal Reserve run the country.

        What are the insiders plans for America or the world? In  the Fall
and Winter of 1989, communism collapsed in Eastern Europe. By mid-1990, the
once-mighty Soviet Union was in economic and political ruin. In the late
summer of 1990, war erupted between  Iraq and Kuwait, and the following
spring America and her allies-on  the strength of superior technology and
dynamic leadership-crushed  Iraq's military force in a lightning-fast,
one-hundred-hour war  that was witnessed, via satellite, by virtually the
entire world. Against this backdrop of history, from the podium of the
legislative chamber of the United States House of Representatives, the
elected president of the United States of America announced the  beginning
of a New World Order.

        The world of 1917 differed from both 1782 and 1848, yet Woodrow
Wilson called for a new world order in 1917. The world in 1938 differed
from that of 1917, yet Adolph Hitler called for his new world order in
1938. And the world of 1968 differed from that of 1938, yet Nelson
Rockefeller called for his new world order in 1968. Can it be that the
phrase new world order means something  entirely different to the inner
circle of a secret society (the insiders) than it does to the ordinary
person?

        The Insiders are the spiritual descendants of the Illuminati,
inheritors of the conspiratorial crest. They have names like  Rothschild,
Bilderbergers, Carnagie and Rockefeller. The most  important of the
Insiders' regular meeting places in the  conspiracies' modern era is the
Henry Pratt House, on West 68th Street in Manhattan, home to the Council on
Foreign Relations(CFR). Since its founding in the aftermath of World War I,
the CFR has  been the intermediary between the world of high finance, big
oil, corporate elitism, and the U.S. government. Its members slide
smoothly into cabinet-level jobs in Republican and Democratic
administrations. The policies promulgated in its quarterly  journal,
FOREIGN AFFAIRS, becomes U.S. government policy.  Through the CFR and its
offshoot, David Rockefeller's Trilateral Commission(TC), the Insiders
program a destructive course for America.

        The goal of the Council on Foreign Relations is to establish a
"One World Government," or a "New World Order," according to John  Birch of
the Birch Society. Sounds pleasant, but the reality,  Birchers say, will be
a commie/illuminoid nightmare with the  Insiders in charge. The grand
design of the Insiders is nothing  short of total world power. World
government will redistribute the  world's wealth among all nations,
resulting in "a reduced standard  of living for Americans." Worse yet,
there will "no longer be any  freedom of movement, freedom of worship,
private property rights,  free speech, or freedom of the press. In its own
literature, the Trilateral Commission list "collective management" of
global "interdependence" as its objective. Defending the Trilateral
Commission, David Rockefeller said, "Far from being a
coterie of international conspirators with designs on covertly  ruling the
world, the TC is, in reality, a group of concerned  citizens interested in
fostering great understanding and  cooperation among international
allies....." (New York Times 1980).  Rockefeller also says he finds the
charge that all Trilateralist  are of one mind "totally absurd". There is
no "Trilateral  conspiracy." "The commission is merely a forum for
discussion and  has no power anyway". But is it powerless? The membership
roster since its creation reads like a who's who in  politics and big
business. Perhaps the most elite of the elitist think tanks. Presidents,
chiefs of staff, secretaries of state,  directors of the Central
Intelligence Agency, industrialist,  financiers, media moguls and academic
authorities wander in and out of the building housed in Manhattan. The
power of the  Establishment is beyond question. Since 1940 every United
States secretary of state except for one (former Governor James Byrnes of
South Carolina) has been a CFR/TC member. And since 1940, all secretary of
war/defense, from Henry L. Stimson through the current Clinton appointee,
have been CFR members. The CIA during most  of the years since its creation
has been under CFR  control, starting with Allen Dulles, founding member of
the CFR. In  fact almost all cabinet level positions in the White House
have  been filled by CFR/TC member, Republican and Democrats. This is how
they keep power through presidential transitions across party  lines.
Former President Jimmy Carter, the hand pick president of  Rockefeller, the
Insiders' "outsider", given CFR/TC media backing,  admitted that the
cabinet positions selection was "out of his  hands". Government is not the
only place where CFR and TC members exists. There are members in all the
major  newspapers, publications and television networks, virtually the
entire media, thus given the insider the power of the press and the  ability
the manipulate the entire country or world.

        The present United Nations organization is actually the creation
of the CFR and is housed on land in Manhattan donated to  it by the family
of current CFR chairman David Rockefeller.  According to State Department
Publication 2349, entitled "Report to the President on the results of the
San Francisco Conference" submitted by CFR member and then secretary of
State Edward  Stettinius, "a committee on post-war problems was set up
before the  end of 1939 at the suggestion of the CFR. Imagine, two years
before the United States entered World War II, the CFR  was already
planning how to order the world when the war was over!  We may assume from
this initiative that the entry of the U.S. into  World War II was certain
to these people two years before the  attack on Pearl Harbor. For the
sceptics, please note that the  Rockefeller Foundation in 1946 appropriated
over $139,000 to produce a history of the United States' entry into World
War II  which would counter any "revisionist" histories that might argue
that we were tricked into war by the Roosevelt Administration, the  way
several highly successful academic studies of World War I  demonstrated in
the 1920's and 1930's. Let us not  forget how profitable wars can be. In
fact, at the same time  American was spending trillions of dollars on it
military machine  and sending troops to Vietnam. Rockefeller was financing
the  Soviets and the Vietnamese with oil refineries and aluminum plants.
Only the absence of a formal declaration of war in Vietnam keeps the
Rockefellers from being actionable for treason.

        We may never know the truth about these things but  we must ask
why these things are not brought out by the media.  Isn't there one branch
of the media devoted expressly to the truth? aren't newspapers and
television news programs still devoted to letting us know what's really
going on in the world? Both the American Legion and Veterans of Foreign
Wars have resolutions demanding congressional investigations of the CFR/TC
but for now we must ask questions of our government, hold them accountable.
We  must educate ourselves be prepared to find out that not all things
happen the way we are told they are.

  NOTE: During May 1994, President William Jefferson Clinton signed
Presidential Directive #25   [details secret even from congress]  which
place the United States military under the direction of the  United
Nations.

 To unsubscribe or subcribe send email to "usa-forever request@webcom.com
put nothing in the subject line and in body put either unsubscribe or
subscribe.  USA-FOREVER is dedicated to preserving our inalienable rights!

******************************************

EDITORIAL: The Lure of the Apocalypse
By Timothy George

Christ's second coming is not just fodder for fanatics, but a
nonnegotiable truth.

One hundred years ago, Christians anticipated this century with the
unbridled optimism that echoed their slogans: "ever onward and upward,"
"the evangelization of the world in our generation," "the absoluteness of
Christianity." A new journal launched by some broad-minded believers in
1900 was dubbed The Christian Century. In those days, talk about the
imminent return of Jesus Christ was relegated to fringe movements and fiery
fundamentalists who seemed out of sync with the spirit of the times.

Now, at the end of an era of unparalleled brutality and moral meltdown,
perhaps the most un-Christian century since Jesus' time, we are awash in a
sea of apocalypticism. End-times hysteria rules the airwaves and repeatedly
surfaces as a distinctive feature of such bizarre and deadly tragedies as
the Branch Davidian killings in Waco, the recent subway attack in Tokyo,
and the even more recent carnage in Oklahoma City.

Yet evangelical Christians, beset by unfulfilled prophecies and extremist
predictions, tend to shy away from any serious engagement with the doctrine
of the second coming of Christ. That would be a real loss, for the "blessed
hope" of Jesus' return in glory is a vital wellspring of biblical faith. To
guard against this understandable reaction to end-times discussions, we
need to remember three things:

First, date setters and place namers have been with us since Jesus first
promised, "If I go away, I will come back." Based on special revelations
they had received, second-century Montanists were sure that Jesus would
come back to Pepuza, a village in the Phrygian region of Asia Minor. During
the Reformation, the radical prophet Hans Hut predicted the return of
Christ for Pentecost 1528 and set about gathering 144,000 elect saints to
prepare for this event. Another prophet, Melchior Hoffmann, set a different
date (1534) and place (Strasbourg). Both Hut and Hoffmann died in prison
with their prophecies unfulfilled and their disciples disillusioned. At the
turn of a new millennium, we should not be surprised by new predictions.

Second, evangelical, Bible-believing Christians honestly differ with one
another over the details of the end of time. Neither Luther nor Calvin
wrote a commentary on the Book of Revelation. We should not sweep
reasonable differences under the rug nor pretend that they are unimportant
for a fuller understanding of the history of redemption. But neither should
we promote them as a test of evangelical identity or biblical fidelity. One
of the patriarchs of the Southern Baptist tradition in which I was nurtured
used to tell us that when the doctor asked us to open our mouths and say
"Ah" we were to reply "pre"! I am still a premillennialist, but I have
learned to live in more tranquil equipoise with brothers and sisters who
interpret the ten horns, the seven trumpets, and the bottomless pit in
other ways. This is all the more important because prophetic
understandings, even within established traditions, are in a state of flux.
The resurgence of postmillennialism, once thought to be extinct, and the
rise of "progressive dispensationalism," two words not usually spoken in
the same breath, are evidence of the hermeneutical ferment among serious
students of God's Word.

Finally, the certainty and reality of Christ's parousia remains what it
has always been for true believers everywhere: a nonnegotiable truth of
divine revelation and an urgent expectation of the people of God. Seduced
by modern doctrines of progress, Christians are apt to forget that the
kingdom of God is promised as something other than a mere human
possibility. We are seeking that city with foundations whose architect and
builder is God, not a contrived community pieced together out of utopian
illusions and fuel-oil-and-fertilizer solutions.

This eschatological itch is endemic to Christianity and has occasionally
induced escapism and a retreat from responsible engagement with culture.
But the greater temptation faced by Christians today is that we will become
so cozy in our accommodation to the world that we lose any prophetic
distance from it. Consequently, we become so "earthly minded that we are of
no earthly good." For it is only one who engages the world from the
perspective of God's overcoming grace and ultimate triumph in Jesus Christ
who will be able to live and work with joy and purpose in an era marked by
death and destruction, a world that "in its present form is passing away,"
as Paul told the Corinthians.

In the aftermath of Oklahoma City, we serve our Savior and our neighbors
best when we truly live in the light of Christ's second advent, remaining
faithful here and now, working within history, but also from beyond it,
toward overcoming the demons of this world.


******************
By Timothy George, senior editor of CHRISTIANITY TODAY and dean of Beeson
Divinity School, Samford University, in Birmingham, Alabama.

Copyright (c) 1995 Christianity Today, Inc./CHRISTIANITY TODAY Magazine

ctcurrmrw5T7016566b
***********************************************

The Great Tribulation False????

By: Clay Willis


	Do you believe there is a "great tribulation" ahead for the world to go
through?  That this "tribualtion"  will last for either 7 years or 3 and
one half years?  That this "tribulation" is prophecied by Matthew chapter
24, Mark chapter 13, Luke chapter 21 and Daniel chapters 9, 11 and 12?

	For many years, "fire and brimstone" preachers and teachers have tried
to scare people into obeying God by threatening them with eternal
punishing -- roasting someone over the spit forever -- in a fire and
brimstone (burning sulfur) "hell".  This is clearly a pagan doctrine and
is no where taught in the Bible!  Study it carefully for yourself and
you'll see.
	
	Today, many false prophets and preachers predict the emminent "end of
the world" preceded by a "great tribulation" lasting either 3 and one  half
or 7 years based on the above mentioned scriptures.  In both cases,  these
false prophets and preachers are misleading their followers and  helping to
mask the true message of the Bible and to mask real,  unfulfilled
prophecies about our future with their balderdash about  "hell" and the
"great tribulation".  In some cases they are misled or stupid themselves;
in others, they mislead deliberately so that you will  do what THEY want
you to do.

	The gospels of Matthew, Mark and Luke are parallels -- that is, they
tell basically the same story from slightly different viewpoints.  The
parallel accounts of the "great tribulation" are especially enlightening.

	What is the "end of the world" [Matt. 24:3 KJV] and when did/will it happen?

	The "end of the world" is really the "end of the age" as many
translations correctly put it.  The Greek word is "aion" and much better
translated as "age" rather than "world" because it has nothing to do with
the physical world.  The Greek words "kosmos" or "gaia" are more
representative of the physical universe and the world.

	When Jesus died and one generation -- 40 years -- later, giving time for
the people of that day to repent of their sins, Jerusalem was razed to  the
ground, it was the "end of the age" -- the end of the first covenant  age.
With the final destruction of Jerusalem and the temple, it was the  end of
that first covenant age.  [The first covenant was the one  established with
the people of Israel at Mt. Sinai and can be read in  Exodus chapters
20-14].  The death of Jesus established the "new  covenant".

	What is/was the "abomination of desolation", the "holy place" in which
the abomination stands/stood in, and when did/will this occur?

	The parallel accounts explain the "abomination that causes desolation"  [NIV]:

Matthew 24: 15  When ye therefore shall see the abomination of desolation,
spoken of by Daniel the prophet, stand in the holy place, (whoso readeth,
let him understand:) 16  Then let them which be in Judaea flee into the
mountains;

Mark 13:14  But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken
of by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not, (let him that read
understand,) then let them that be in Judaea flee to the mountains;

Luke 21:20  And when ye shall see Jerusalem compassed about with armies,
then know that the desolation thereof is nigh.

	Luke doesn't mention the Daniel prophecy but speaks of "armies".
Matthew and Mark mention "the abomination" but they don't mention
"armies".  They are the SAME thing.  The "abomination that makes desolate"
was the pagan, idol-worshiping, hierarchical, pompous, proud  Roman army.
THE ROMAN ARMY made Jerusalem desolate.

	The "holy place" is mentioned by Matthew;  Mark calls it the place where
the abomination "ought not" stand;  and Luke spells out that the "holy
place" is Jerusalem.  Jerusalem was "holy" because this is the place  where
God chose to "place His name". [I Kings 8:43,48; 9:3,5,7].  After Jerusalem
rejected Jesus and killed Him, God refers to Jerusalem as  "Sodom and
Egypt" [Revelation 11:8], hardly "holy" places.

	Even if there was an "abomination of desolation" today, there is no
"holy place" in which it could stand.  At the end of the age of the first
covenant, God removed His name from the earth and the only thing "holy"  on
this earth are those people who are in the process of becoming the  sons of
God.

	When does this occur?  Titus and Vespacian and the Roman armies laid
seige to Jerusalem in AD 66 and exactly 3 and one half years later, they
razed the city.  This was the "great tribulation"!  [Matthew 24:21;
"affliction" Mark 13:19; "days of vengence" Luke 21:22-24]

	If someone wants to teach you that prophecy is "dual" or that this was a
"type" of things to come in OUR future, ask them to prove it from the
Bible.  The Bible is VERY clear when speaking of dualities and "types":
Christ was the "second Adam";  Jesus was in the grave 3 days and 3 nights
just as Jonah was in the "belly of the whale" that same time, etc.

	The "great tribulation" occurred in AD 70.  The "abomination of
desolation" was the Roman army that razed the "holy place" (Jerusalem) in
AD 70.

	Teaching otherwise keeps Bible students from searching the scriptures to
learn the real prophecies that God has given us of times yet to come and
allows charlatans and false teachers yet another tactic in scaring people
into doing what these men want their followers to do.

	Don't be fooled!  Read the Bible for yourself.  God will help you
understand the truth if you ask Him to and if you don't try and use the
Bible to support what you already believe.


 VHTG33A@prodigy.com (Clay Willis)

***********************************************


The Real Conspiracy Theory

 by John Kinsella

   President Kennedy remarked in a speech back in 1960 that everyone
from his generation remembered where they were and what they were doing
when the news was announced of President Roosevelt's death. Three years
later, President Kennedy was himself assassinated, becoming a generational
barometer. Today, everyone over forty can remember exactly what they were
doing on Nov. 22, 1963 when it was announced, "the President has been shot"
while driving through Dealy Plaza in Dallas.

   Wednesday, April 19, 1995. Another event burned itself into the
consciousness of a nation--the systematic destruction of hundreds of
American  citizens in Oklahoma City, when a 4,000-pound home-made bomb
destroyed  the nine-story federal office building in the heart of the city.
It was the heart of  America. Oklahoma City is very nearly the geographic
dead center of the United  States. If there was a place on earth where
Americans could feel safe from  foreign attack, it was Oklahoma City. But
this attack wasn't from without--it  was from within.

   The suspected bombers are Americans--members--at least ideologically--
of what is commonly called the "patriot movement." As America struggles to
make sense of the senseless, the media is focusing on this movement, its
plans  and objectives, while glossing over the major issues the movement
raises.

   In watching the coverage of these groups, I was amazed to see, for the
first time, a major network broadcasting a segment from the video, "Waco,
The  Big Lie" produced by the Center for American Law and Justice, a
patriot  organization affiliated with the 700 Club and Pat Robertson. The
segment used  on CNN showed a tank backing out, after having crashing
through the wall of  the Branch Davidian compound. The video purports to
show flames emanating  from a flame thrower, or similar object, mounted on
the front of the tank.

   We received a copy of the video when it was first released. We studied
it  with fair judgment, but remained skeptical of it. We discounted it,
however, as  a 100% reliable source after its producer, Linda Thompson,
admitted on a radio  talk show that it was factually incorrect on several
critical issues.

   What astonished me, however, about the CNN story was this. They
showed what appeared to be photographic evidence that supports a charge of
murder committed by agents of the US government. But, nobody batted an eye!
Nobody offered an explanation to the contrary. Nobody suggested it was a
doctored video. In an unintended demonstration of the power of the media to
use facts to distort truth. The clip was broadcast as evidence of how
radical the  militia groups are!

 Lunatics without excuse

   Before the mail starts flying in, I want to state, categorically, that
the   bombers are lunatics without excuse. I personally have no objection
to the  application of the death penalty--not just for the bombers, but for
those  involved in the planning and preparation. And I think I can speak
for just about  everyone here at This Week in Bible Prophecy ministries in
this regard. Also, I  need to point out that while we are a Canadian-based
ministry, I myself spent  sixteen years defending the US Constitution, on
the front lines--six years as a  US Marine during the Vietnam War and ten
years as a police officer in Texas.

   There are people who say the government perpetrated this crime. This
view is utterly without evidence, and should be discounted unless and until
such charges are conclusively proved. There are others who blame civil
libertarians, that is, those who are concerned about the erosion of civil
rights.  This is like blaming white people for producing Adolf Hitler, or
black people for  producing Idi Amin. But, it also creates more questions
than it does answers.  Who is the "government" and who are the "civil
libertarians" and, how can a  group be held accountable for the actions of
a few pyromaniacs who are  obviously not the sharpest tools in the shed to
begin with?

 The "Patriot Movement"

   The media coverage is intense. We know intimate details about the life,
loves and history of the suspects in this case: where they grew up, who
their  friends were, even details about their family life. In searching for
the answer to  the question "why" they are looking everywhere except where
the problem is.

   The patriot movement is a grass roots response to what its participants
believe is an erosion of civil liberties in America. They have some
compelling  arguments--arguments we have ourselves presented. Where we
differ  dramatically, however, is in the area of what would be considered
an  appropriate response. The patriot movement believes we are moving
toward a  one-world government, and they oppose it. They advocate armed
resistance.

 Many of them claim to be followers of Jesus Christ--giving the media
plenty of  ammunition to support their contention that this is yet another
example of  what Christian fundamentalism really is--intolerant rednecks
who want to force  their view on the rest of America.

 A spiritual battle

   We see things somewhat differently. We believe we are moving toward a
one-world government, because this is what God said would happen. But we
reject any suggestion that armed resistance is biblical. Jesus told us to,
"render  therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God
the things  that are God's" (Matthew. 21:21). When Pontius Pilate reminded
Jesus of his  authority as Roman procurator, Jesus rebuked Pilate, saying,
"Thou couldest  have no power at all against me, except it were given thee
from above" (John  19:11). The Bible not only teaches against armed
resistance to the government,  but Jesus makes it plain that our leaders
occupy their positions according to  His plan. The new world order is a
spiritual issue, being played out in the  carnal arena. Using a bomb to win
a spiritual battle is like trying to lead  somebody to Christ by hitting
them in the face with a Bible. It's loud, but  ineffective. To try to
overthrow, by force, that which God says He has ordained  is tantamount to
trying to overthrow God. It's either His will, or ours. Force is  NOT the
answer--prayer is! Godly living, holiness, and personal integrity--these
are the weapons the world cannot combat or condemn--much as it would like
to. Bombs just even the playing field, and bring us into an arena where the
other guys have all the advantages. Resorting to violence is a denial of
Christ.

 Colossians 3:3 teaches, "For ye are dead, and your life is hid with
Christ in  God."  We are to be witnesses of the love of Christ. I saw
little evidence of  Christianlove reflected in the maimed bodies of
innocent children in Oklahoma  City.

 The blame game

   The blame game began almost immediately following the blast. President
Clinton seized the opportunity to rail against "hate mongers who keep us
paranoid and at each other's throats." There is ample reason for paranoia.
The  drive toward global government is real. It is documented. It is
coming, and it  does not bode well for freedom-loving people anywhere on
earth.

   We saw our 4th Amendment rights diluted as a measure against drug
dealers. Yet the provisions that allow the government to seize the assets
of drug dealers is being applied against other citizens, like tax
protesters, abortion  protesters, and other politically incorrect types. HR
666 relaxes the  constitutional guarantee against unreasonable search and
seizure.

   The 5th Amendment provides for the right of the accused to face his
accusers. The Omnibus Anti-Terrorist Act of 1995 will enable the government
to introduce evidence from "secret" sources--and denies defendants the
opportunity to cross-examine those sources.

   And the 1st Amendment guarantees our right to speak out against
government abuses. And that right is now in peril. The President is
advocating  the use of an Executive Order to gag such protests. His
reasoning? People who  protest influence others to take action. Well of
course! That is what the  Founding Fathers intended. Except, it is the
government that is supposed to  act. The American system was designed to
make government responsive to the  people, not the other way around.

 So who's the enemy here?

   Blaming the "government" for the erosion of the Constitution is like
blaming the "patriot movement" for the bombing. The "government" is us--the
people, both bad and good. The same applies to the patriot movement. Both
ar idealistic and at least theoretically draw their views from the same
Constitution.

   In the Oklahoma bombing, a few nut bars loosely associated with a
legal,  constitutionally-protected protest group blew up their own
countrymen in their  misguided belief they were doing the right thing for
people who didn't recognize  the danger. Within the government, a few
officials have conspired with  unelected elitist groups like the Council on
Foreign Relations to bring about a  system of global government, probably
in the belief they were doing the right  thing for people who don't
recognize the "benefits" involved.

   But all protesters are not killers. And all government officials are
not globalists. The enemy here is the mastermind behind the whole
conspiracy--a conspiracy so vast it incorporates elements from both sides
without either side  ever being aware of it. That mastermind is Satan, the
father of lies! There is a  conspiracy, but it is not one that can be
fought with bombs, bullets, or even  ballots! The conspiracy predates Adam
and Eve. And the conspirators are  putting into motion a plan that has
existed since Lucifer first shook his fist in  the face of God and shouted
"I will." This is the enemy. This is the threat, and  this is the
battlefield!

   We report on the global government-in-waiting, not to alarm people and
send them scurrying to the militia training field. Our reports on this
subject are  celebration of the fact that God is still on the throne, that
what He promised  would happen is indeed taking place, and that we have
nothing to worry about.  As Jesus told us, "And when these things begin to
come to pass, then look up,  and lift up your heads; for your redemption
draweth nigh" (Luke 21:28).

***************************************************

              What is the New World Order?

1700's - Illuminati (Adam Weishaupt-Founder, Jesuit Priest and Freemason)

         Illuminati name translated to "bearers of the light" - Lumen
         derived from Lucifer, ancient "angel of light" spoken of in the
         old testament.

1800's - FreeMason/Illuminati Organizations: Rothschilds/Jacob Schiff
         Nathan Rothschild vows to kill Czar of Russia and his family.

1900's - Illuminati: Rothschilds/Cune, Loeb & Co. (Jacob Schiff)/
         Rockefellers

1913   - Federal Reserve Act put into law by Rockefellers on Dec 24 1913.
         Only 3 congressmen were present as it was Christmas Eve.

1913   - 16th Amendment (IRS TAXES) added to Constitution.

1917   - Czar of Russia is killed by Bolshevik revolutionaries. Lenin,
         Trotsky and Stalin are financially backed by Jacob Schiff with
         20M in Gold (paid by Rothschilds/Illuminati).

1920   - League of Nations proposed by Woodrow Wilson.

1921   - COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS (CFR) created by Rockefellers/
         New York, deemed as Illuminati Organization in US.

1921   - Royal Institute for International Affairs created by Rothschilds/
         London.

1929   - Rothschild/Rockefellers/Carnegie/Morgan (CFR) created stock
         market crash, worldwide depression ensues.

1933  - President Roosevelt (CFR) declares US. bankrupt - Signs over US.
        monetary power to world bankers (Rothschilds/Rockefellers -
        Illuminati)

1939  - Hitler Invades Poland - Financial backing by Rothschilds/Warburgs/
        Krupps.

1939  - Rothschild companies financially back both Hitler and Stalin for
        World War II.

1941  - US. enters World War II (planned by Rothschild/Schiff/Rockefeller/
        Roosevelt.

1945  - World War II ends - UNITED NATIONS created as solution to war.

1950  - Land donated for UN Headquarters/New York, by Rockefellers.

1950  - UN starts Korean War.

1959  - UN starts Vietnam War.

1963  - President Kennedy killed by One World conspirators - News media
reports only one gunman (Lee Harvey Oswald) - 5 bullets found from
different guns. Prime witnesses for multiple gunman theory
found dead or missing.

1963  - Jack Ruby kills LeeHarvey Oswald - Ruby dies in jail of mysterious
illness.

1967  - Martin Luther King killed.

1968  - Bobby Kennedy killed.

1971  - President Nixon (CFR) declares US. in state of emergency.

1973  - Nixon withdraws troops from Vietnam, bowing to extreme public pressure.

1973  - David Rockefeller forms TRILATERAL COMMISSION (TLC)/ New York.

1976  - Jimmy Carter (CFR) elected - Zbignew Brzezinski (CFR/TLC)
appointed National Security Advisor. Five other high level members of
president's staff all members of CFR/TLC.

1977  - Carter signs UN charter removing US. sovereignity under UN
military command.

1977  - Benjamin Creme publishes books and speaks publicly about Maitreya,
the new age Christ returning to earth.

1981  - Congressman Larry McDonald calls for comprehensive congressional
investigation of the CFR and Trilateral Commission. Congress is urged to
investigate these organizations.

1983  - Larry McDonald is killed along with 268 other passengers on Korean
Air Lines (KAL) flight 007, shot down over Sakhalin Island in the Sea of
Japan. All bodies recovered, except the bodies of the pilot and copilot.
Some of the extremely suspicious information regarding KAL 007 include:

        o Flight was off course with plenty of fuel. Commercial flights
          commonly take a short cut over Sakhalin when low on fuel. Radio
          response in Russian airspace commonplace, with Russian pilots
          monitoring path of commercial planes.

        o Russian pilots radioed KAL 007 with no response from pilots.

        o Russian pilots fired warning shots with visible tracers past
          cockpit, KAL pilots did no acknowledge warning shots or tracers.

        o Two parachutes were seen by inhabitants of Aleutian islands
          prior to plane being shot down.

        o Flight recorder recovered by US. submarine, data classified by
          CIA.

1983  - Andropov (USSR) dies of mysterious illness, Chernenko appointed.

1984  - Chernenko (USSR) dies, Gorbachev appointed USSR Secretary General.

1985  - Gorbachev introduces Glasnost and Perestroika to USSR.

1986  - Chernobyl (Wormwood) nuclear disaster. USSR requests massive
massive aid from USA and Germany. Public opinion of USSR swayed.

1988  - George Bush (CFR/TLC/FreeMason) elected president.

1989  - Berlin Wall falls - East Germans pour into West Germany. US
military is regarded as "obsolete" by media organizations.

1990  - UN starts Gulf War. President Bush verbally announces a "NEW WORLD
ORDER" on TV.

1991  - Fake coup attempt of Gorbachev in Soviet Union. Yeltsin named leader.

1991  - Yeltsin elected president of Russia. Crisis in Bosnia develops.
Russia is now seen as US ally and friend. Disarmament of US military
technology starts.

1992  - President Clinton (CFR/TLC) elected president. Orders US military
base closures. Orders gays to be allowed into the military/raises
taxes/implements NAFTA/signs bill allowing US troops to be under UN
command. Sends US troops overseas to Bosnia/Somalia/Germany/Peru. Begins
dismantling military equipment and bases in US. Signs bills allowing
illegal house to house search and seizure, signs bills removing our 2nd
amendment rights, proposes national computer ID via health care card, signs
bills allowing wiretaps of any phone/modem/or fax. Proposes "Clipper" chip
on computers to allow tracking of data by government. Allows Russian and
East German military equipment to be brought on US soil.

1992  - Los Angeles riots started from incedent on Florence and Normandy.
Many buildings professionally torched in a very logical, military- style
action. National Guard called out. Citizens introduced to FEMA organization
as friend and ally to the public. Citizens take up arms to protect their
own businesses, and are ARRESTED by federal agents. Media portrays event as
gang created and instills great fear in public. Gang leaders claim no
responsibility for building torchings - not publicized in media.

1993  - Gorbachev starts Gorbachev Foundation USA in the Presidio in San
Franciso. Starts developing plans and strategies to disassemble all US
military weaponry.

1993  - BATF and FBI agents flood Branch Davidian compound in WACO, Texas
with C.S. gas - purported to be only "tear gas" (when CS gas is ignited, it
becomes cyanide gas). 75 men women and children killed. Subsequent coverup
by Attorney General Janet Reno, FBI, BATF and CIA. Linda Thompson releases
video showing BATF agents setting fire to compound with exhaust from rear
of tank. Building ignites all CS gas inside, killing everyone. Media
portrays David Koresh as madman cult leader and ruthless killer.

1993  - Russian and Nepalese Ghurkha combat troops begin military
manouvers and training exercises on US soil. US citizens are alarmed but
are regarded as "radical extremists".

1994  - Clinton proposes National Health Care. National ID card would  be
required.

1994  - H.R. 666 passed by congress allowing illegal search and seizure.

1994  - NAFTA implemented allowing US and Asian manufacturers to have
plants in Mexico, where wages are controlled at poverty level and
environmental requirements are not controlled or monitored.

1994  - GATT agreement signed and implemented.

1994  - Vladimir Zhirinovsky gains popularity in Russia based on his ultra
nationalist platform. Zhirinovsky plans to take back all former Russian
territories including Poland, Finland and Alaska and also plans a warm
water sea port for Russia in the Indian Ocean. In his book "Last Dash To
The South", Zhirinovsky states that when he becomes the new leader of
Russia, he will kill all crime band leaders on the spot, with public
executions without trials. He will pile up nuclear waste on the border of
Lithuania  and blow the radioactive vapors over them so they will all die.
He also claims he will send a group of nuclear submarines to  circle
underwater around Japan and "if they so much as 'chirp'  he will nuke
them". Many claim Zhirinovsky has knowledge of UN takeover of the United
States which is why he claims in his book "that the USA will collapse and
will be without food and many people will immigrate to Europe and Russia".

1994  - Zhirinovsky regarded by many Christians as prophetic world leader
to arise out of the east. Many claim that his birthplace in Alma Ata,
Khazakhstan is purported to be the land of "Magog" described in the bible.
His name (Vladimir) in Russian means "Ruler of The World" and his middle
name (Wolfovich) means  "Son of a Wild Canine". Zhirinovsky regarded as the
New World Order version of Hitler or Stalin.

1994  - Various patriot and militia groups formed in USA, regarded as
"psychos" and "kooks" by media. Militia of Montana distributes tapes and
literature regarding New World Order movement. Linda Thomson forms American
Justice Federation and distributes literature and videos showing Russian
military equipment on US soil and UN controlled "concentration camps"
complete with gas chambers, being constructed in Indiana. Linda exposes UN
black helicopters on video tape. Her family is then continually harassed
and UN black helicopters fly over her office and home.

1994  - Mark Koernke from Michigan distributes tapes and videos on militia
movements, the New World Order and UN takeover of the US. Michigan Militia
holds meetings.

1995  - UN black helicopters spotted in many states and all over California.

1995  - InfoPet injectable transponder introduced as a way to monitor
pets. Many Christian books and videos appear claiming that the injectable
transponder is actually the "Mark of The Beast" prophesied in the Book of
Revelation.

1995  - Bob Fletcher (former toy manufacturer, testified in Iran/Contra
hearings, now currently working with Militia of Montana) produces video in
febuary of 95 complete with actual video footage describing in great detail
the New World Order Movement, world socialism, UN takeover of the United
States, the CIA involvement in New World Order clandestine operations,
injectable transponders, black helicopters and concentration camps in the
United States. Bob Fletcher has multiple attemps made on his life,
resulting in hospitalization and intensive care.

1995  - Federal building in Oklahoma City bombed. Government suggests
possible link to patriot militia groups. Patriot groups claim government
conspiracy relating to bombing. Government discredits  and begins media
assault on patriot organizations and militia groups.

1995  - Uni-bomber strikes 2 days after the Federal Building was bombed
bombed was bombed. Media does "blitz" on militia groups trying to portray
them as dangerous and possibly behind these bombings. Prime Time Live,
20/20 and Nightline all carry cover stories of militia organizations
attempting to portray them as a dangerous bunch of "kooks" and
"paranoid-right-wing paramilitary" organizations. NBC, CBS and ABC
simultaneously carry stories on local militia organizations in an attempt
to scare the public.

1995  - President Clinton and Bob Dole sign bills enabling 1,000 more
federal anti-terrorist agents and also implement tough new "anti-terrorist"
legislation. Public opinion is swayed by Oklahoma and Uni-Bomber bombings
to allow more freedoms to be taken away in favor of "tougher
anti-terrorist" laws. Some patriot groups claim both bombings were created
by the New World Order movement to scare the US public into accepting
greater anti-gun control and greater "anti-terrorist" Federal control.

Are you willing to accept what happens next? For the sake of your freedom
and liberty, the sake of the OUR country, and the sake of the US
Constitution and Bill of Rights, please take action now.

Reprinted from the 5/30/95 issue of Contact.

Contact, Inc.
P.O. Box 27800
Las Vegas, NV 89126
1-805-822-9655

*****************************************

Prophe-Zine News Bites

    U.N. Treaty to Enforce Feminist Gender Confusion in Textbooks
      -------------------------------------------------------------

     A UN Treaty voted to the floor of the Senate has authority toenforce
leftist gender confusion on all school texts, uncluding those used by
homeschoolers and Christian private schools.  That treatyobliges the state
to "take all measures.....Toward the elimination ofstereotyped roles [sic]
of men and women at all levels and in all forms of education..."  In
essence, the treaty obligates the state to forbid naturalistic views of men
and women in educational materials andindoctrinate students with the
artificial "unisexism" imposed by leftist ideology.  The treaty calls for a
UN committee to ensure compliance by signatory nations.  The UN treaty was
first submitted by a lame-duck Jimmy Carter in November of 1980.  It never
passed and has laid dormant until the Clintonista Secretary of State Warren
Christopher reopened the issue with Senate Foreign Relations Committee
Chairman, Clairborn Pell. The treaty would make it illegal to teach
children that mothers are biologically inclined to nurturance and fathers
toward shouldering the objective situational control need to provide a
living.

                            - News release from "National Center for
                              Home Education", Box 125, Paconian Sprgs,
                              VA.

******************


National ID card

   ** Freedom Alert II **

 IT'S EVEN WORSE THAN WE THOUGHT! (revised 5/26/95)

 Clinton-Kennedy FEDERAL GOVERNMENT TAKEOVER of all private  employment in
America moves forward! WHERE ARE THE REPUBLICANS?!!

 The proposal by the Clinton Administration and Senator Teddy Kennedy for
a FEDERAL GOVERNMENT TAKEOVER OF ALL PRIVATE EMPLOYMENT IN AMERICA
continues to move forward!  S.B. 754 soon to be heard by the full judiciary
committee, will require that every private employer in America ask the
federal government's permission before they hire any worker. Hiring anyone
without the government authorization will be a FEDERAL CRIME!  All of this
will be enforced by a NEW FEDERAL COMPUTER IDENTITY DATABASE KEEPING
RECORDS ON EVERY MAN, WOMAN, AND CHILD IN AMERICA!

 Republican Majority Leader Dick Armey (R-Texas) has promised to fight the
Clinton-Kennedy takeover of private employment in America.  He's now been
joined by leading conservatives such as Phyllis Schlafly, Bill Kristol,
Grover Norquist, the Cato Institute, and the National Federation of
Independent Business. But the Republicans in the Senate are still wavering.

 Clinton says we need a federal computer database on all Americans in
order to fight illegal immigration and track down the Oklahoma City
bombers, and the Republicans are afraid to oppose him. Moderate Republican
Senator Alan Simpson has actually endorsed the federal takeover and
sponsored a similar bill, S.B. 269.

 Senator Diane Feinstein (D-Calif) now wants to take the Kennedy proposal
even further.  Her S.B. 580 includes a mandatory NATIONAL IDENTITY CARD,
and wants every American to be legally required to carry an identity card
with a magnetic strip containing VOICE PRINTS, RETINAL SCANS, and perhaps
even DIGITIZED DNA CODES, with MANDATORY FEDERAL PRISON TERMS for ID
tampering.

 She believes this system would be perfect for tracking down future  GUN
OWNERSHIP violations.

 Feinstein also wants IMMEDIATE IMPLEMENTATION of the proposal.

 There is an excellent proof piece in today's (5/26) WALL ST. JOURNAL on
the editorial page (Give Me Your Tired, our Poor, You Fingerprints) by Paul
Gigot.

 GET THE WORD OUT! Stop the Clinton-Kennedy-Feinstein federal takeover
from getting through congress. Force the Republicans to take a STAND FOR
LIBERTY.

Call the talk shows and call the key members of congress.

Majority Leader Dick Armey (R-Texas) OPPOSES the Kennedy-Clinton takeover:

Dick Armey     (R-TX): 1-202-225-7772  / 1-202-225-7614 (FAX)

 These other important Republicans are SUPPORTING Clinton-Kennedy or are
WOBBLING:

Jon Kyl         (R-AZ): 1-202-224-4521 / 1-202-224-2207 (FAX)
Alan Simpson    (R-WY): 1-202-224-3424 / 1-202-224-1315 (FAX)
Lamar Smith     (R-TX): 1-202-225-4236 / 1-202-225-8628 (FAX)
Spencer Abraham (R-MN): 1-202-224-4822 / 1-202-224-8834 (FAX)
Chris Cox       (R-CA): 1-202-225-5611 / 1-202-225-9177 (FAX)
Henry Hyde      (R-IL): 1-202-225-4561 / 1-202-225-1166 (FAX)


 **************

BIG BROTHER WORKING FOR IRS by M. Pietrantoni - American Survival Mag
-------------------------------------------------------

Just before Christmas last year, the Internal Revenue Service, IRS,placed
a little noted announcement in the back pages of the FederalRegister, the
official weekly publication of the US Government. The IRSannouncement
concerned the agency's plans to build a massive newdatabase called
Compliance 2000 will also gather information on individuals from private
and commercial organizations, as well as from media reports.

What this means is that anytime you fill out any form which uses yourname
and/or social security number, such as an application for a bank loan or a
subscription form to a magazine, the IRS now plans to have that information
collected and stored in the Compliance 2000 database.

Privacy rights groups have assailed the Compliance 2000 plan on a number
of different fronts. They note for example that not only was the required
notice buried in the back of the Federal Register near Christmas, but that
the notice said the IRS would only accept comments from the public up until
January 19 of this year, and would then begin the program just 11 days
later on January 30th.

Privacy advocates further note that in the IRS plan the agency has
exempted itself from the 1974 Privacy Act which allows individuals to
access information the government may have on them. Indeed the notice in
the Federal Register specifically states that "...this system is exempt
from notification, access and contest provisions of the Privacy Act
(1974)." In essence this means the IRS doesn't even need to correct false
information it may have collected.

Marc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center,
EPIC in Washington, DC, said of the IRS plan: "If this program goes
forward, the IRS agents will be given access to a wide range of detailed
personal information...(and that)...Given the recent incidents of
'browsing' we are not convinced that the IRS's privacy policies are
adequate to prevent the harms that would result from access to this
information." Rotenberg was referring to the discovery last July by Senator
John Glenn (D-OH) that some 1,300 IRS employees have been investigated for
'browsing' through the tax returns of friends, neighbors, and relatives,
and that some might have even sold the information they found.

Business and industry groups have also spoken out against the IRS plan.
Says Jerry Cerasale, senior vice president of the Direct Marketing
Association, DMA, which represents 3,500 companies that sell products and
services directly to the public: "If the public believes that information
collected for the purposes of buying magazines, winter parkas, or ladies
lingerie is going to be that basis of an online database, we believe this
will significantly chill the willingness of individuals to transact
business."

Congress may yet have the last word on Compliance 2000. Senator David
Pryor (D-ARK), a member of the Senate subcommittee on the IRS sent a letter
to the agency concerning its plans. The letter read in part, "Various
individual taxpayers and organizations have become alarmed that this Notice
in the Federal Register raises the spectre of Big Brother intruding into
the lives of our citizens. I share their fear."
---

**********************

Reprinted in its entirety from The Daily Southtown,
Southwest edition, June 14, 1995

Ed's note:  I cancelled my subscription to this paper two years ago in
disgust at their liberal, anti-gun policy. I bought today's paper because
their coverage of the event described below was somewhat more detailed than
that of the Chicago Sun Times- another rag not known for its balanced
coverage of topics.


Lemont survives `attack'
by Joe Robertson-Staff Writer

     For those who thought Lemont was under military attack Monday night,
the Department of Defense assures us that the low-flying helicopters and
window-rattling bombs were just part of a routine Army training mission.

     At ease.  As you were.  That was NOT the Battle of Lemont.
Armageddon was not at hand.  It was merely the Battle of the Abandoned St.
Vincent DePaul Seminary.

     The vacant seminary on 127th Street west of Archer Avenue was the
prime target of the training assault between 10 PM and midnight for Special
Operations forces from Fort Bragg, N.C.

     If the Army's mission was to blow out windows in the old buildings
and scare the living daylights out of some of the neighbors, well then, it
was mission accomplished.

     "There were some small demolitions," said Department of Defense
spokesman Mike Sienda.

     Small?  Maybe by Army standards.

     In a subdivision just north of the training area, the Kasperski
children were in tears.  "They scared the dickens out of the kids," said
Jeanie Kasperski, whose boys, 4 and 6, were jolted out of bed as were many
residents in the area.

     "I thought our furnace had blown up," she said.  "It sounded like
dynamite going off."

     Helicopters racing over the Beechen home were so close that Kendra
Beechen claims she saw the green lights of their instrument panels.

     "The whole house was shaking," she said.  "They were flying around at
treetop level.  They could've landed in my back yard."

     Southwest Central Dispatch, which handles 911 calls for the Lemont
area, reported about 30 calls from confused residents, Director Bill
Shanley said.  The dispatchers had been apprised of the mock invasion so
people who called 911 were assured they were not under attack.

     Some residents in the homes closest to the old seminary were notified
by state police who went door-to-door about a half-hour before the assault
began.

     The Army has been training in the Chicago area for two weeks, Sienda
said.  Special Operations Command in Fort Bragg is constantly seeking out
training sites around the country to hone the skills of its helicopter
teams.

     "Pilots need training in urban environments," he said.

     "There are obstacles and lights that are a lot different than a rural
area."

     The five buildings of the old seminary had been vacant for several
years and had been used in the past for training exercises by the Illinois
State Police and Lemont police,Sienda said.

     Developer Pat Cronin, who owns the property, said the buildings were
due to be demolished within a few weeks to make way for the growing Abbey
Oaks subdivision.

     The Army negotiated with Cronin to use the property for its practice.
In return, Cronin got to ride in one of the helicopters.

     "They're flying through the night, and it's pitch black," he said.
"They were wearing those night-vision goggles and they landed right on top
of the buildings.  It was amazing."

     The Special Operations forces were blasting their way through doors
and windows, and running from room to room, Cronin said.  If there had been
any American hostages inside, he figures the troops would have gotten them
out.

     Not all the nearby residents were happy to see the old seminary
attacked.  Grecca Vanlue, one of the residents who received the warning at
her front door from the state police, went to look at the scene the morning
after and was upset at the glass-littered debris the Army left behind.

     "I'd hate to see kids coming around and getting inside," she said.
"It's unsafe."

     Lt. Col. Ken McGraw in Fort Bragg said the Army would return to clean
up its mess.  Safety before, during and after the training exercise is the
Army's top priority, he said.

     "We train all over the United States, and we always coordinate an
exercise with local police forces," McGraw said.  The sites are surveyed
beforehand and the low-flying helicopters follow all Federal Aviation
Administration rules.

     As for the poor battered seminary, Cronin pointed out that vandalism
and broken glass had been a problem at the abandoned buildings long before
the Army stormed in.

     What the Army doesn't clean up will be taken care of once demolition
starts, he said.

     The Army tries to keep advance notice of its training exercises to a
minimum because it doesn't want to raise the curiosity of civilians who
might try to get a front-row seat too close to the action, Sienda said.

     "If we announce these things ahead of time, we could have a safety
problem," he said.

     Once the assault is under way, anyone who hasn't heard about it finds
out soon enough, neighbor John Beechen said.

     "Everyone was out watching," he said.  "No one could sleep because of
the explosions.  It sure seemed a little strange."

Ed's notes:

1)  As in Des Plains, all but a few residents were taken by surprise.

2)  It was a summer night in the burbs.  Was the area cleared before the
assault?  If vandalism had been a problem, who ensured that there were no
kids in the buildings?

3)  Was the area sealed in order to prevent a panicked resident or
motorist from seeking shelter on the grounds?

4)  I think this verifies the use of live ammunition.

5)  Children were again traumatized.

6)  Robertson, with his comments about Armageddon and the Battle of
Lemont, thinks this is a big joke.  NOT FUNNY.

9)  Beechen's statement- "It sure seemed a little strange," confirms the
unusual nature of the whole event.

8)  I called the offices of Governor Jim Edgar to protestthese maneuvers
on the points listed above and was asked if I personally had been disturbed
by either the Des Plains raid or the Lemont raid.  Replying in the
negative, I was questioned then, as to why I should be upset.  My reply was
that this is MY STATE, that what happens to my neighbors can happen to me,
that I don't like the idea of Army helicopters flying over residential
areas in mock attacks, and that in light of recent media and political
ridicule of people who believe a New World Order is trying to be born here,
this event seemed designed to intimidate or provoke those people.  All I
know for sure is I am very glad it did not happen over my neighborhood,
some twenty miles away- because I think I very well could have mistaken
this for an all-out assault by our government on the people- and reacted
accordingly.

9)  I urge ALL citizens of Illinois and any other state (such as West
Virginia) where these maneuvers are being conducted  to call their
governor's and protest this type of exercise in residential areas.  There
have been enough military air crashes in recent months to warrant concern
about the safety of civilians, and again, in light of the tension in
society about the excesses of the Federal Government, "missions" such as
these could be easily construed as attacks against the people.    EP

**************************


THE NEW WORLD ORDER: Spying Into the Minds of Our Children
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

These are very, very dangerous things you're talking about because first,
on several levels, what it does to the individual, what it does to a data
bank to have that about the individual, and how you would use that to
selectively eliminate or to incorporate people  whom you want to support
your position of power and dominance in a "new world order" -- or how you
could target those people for elimination, as far as power goes, or even
physical detention.

Keep in mind that we went through McCarthyism where over a hundred
thousand Americans and their families were destroyed by this one completely
psychopathic, deranged, mentally warped, perverted scum-bag.  And those are
the good things I could say about Joseph McCarthy.  That man was one of the
most evil men who ever lived. Yet, he had the FULL participation of many
members [of Congress] because he said that he was speaking for the
consensus, and for the "right" way of thinking. What about all the innocent
people who he hurt and who committed suicide?  And there are many instances
of that. When I look around at the people whose lives have been affected by
this so-called "consensus thinking", or where they've had dossiers on
people, and the moment they see that you don't support their particular
economic, religious, political or social agenda, they're able to target you
as (quote) "the enemies".

During Nixon's reign, they had the "enemies list". And also, it was during
his reign that executive order 1140 was implemented. And there was another
executive order later which allowed for detention camps to be created. That
executive order is STILL in place. In fact, it was during the last
administration, the Reagan Administration, where there was a contingency
plan, if there was ever any major social upheaval, that some fifty-five
thousand Americans, on whom they had dossiers (not so dissimilar from what
you're discussing here), could be isolated. And, without trial, without
conviction, without being formally charged, with no civil liberties and
rights, without legal representation,  these Americans could be
indefinitely incarcerated in different U.S. Government facilities. They
even had these facilities ... and  during a major undercover story that I
was doing, I've actually gone to some of these facilities to see if they
actually existed. Fifty-five thousand Americans! And that was just the
first batch.

Now, could you imagine, with the data systems that we have, people of all
backgrounds, conservative and liberal -- if you didn't answer those
questions correctly, and if they had a dossier on you which show that you
legitimately hold certain views which they feel could be a threat, then in
all likelihood, your dossier is going to make you one of those people who
are not on the "RIGHT" side of the issue. And, since you're not the one in
power or control, you're the target. And it's not as if there is no
precedent for this. There IS precedence for this, and there is precedence
in virtually every country of the world, where they have harrassed or
arrested or denigrated or used surreptitious and illegal means to
discredit, to destroy, to defame people whom they felt threatened by.

So, they have an opportunity to create a WHOLE generation of thinking
based upon a curriculum, and a model of education that will eliminate
people from any positions in the future .... people who would never have a
chance -- never -- of getting into a position of being either a
policy-maker or an opinion-leader.  Why? Because they have been able to
track these people. They're tracking their parents. They're tracking their
friends. They know where they live. They know what they eat. They know
which television shows they watch. They know everything about them because,
during this whole teaching process, they've kept EXTENSIVE files on all of
their results.

So, anyone who IS an individualist, who chooses to respect the autonomy of
their own mind, who is capable of making assertive decisions, who wants to
be an active participant in anything that is going to affect their lives
..... Think of all the women who have decided to forego caesarian
[operations], or who havechallenged the radical mastectomy [operation].
Those women, in answering a questionnaire that they would be seeking a
second opinion, or that they would seek complementary therapy, etc., ....
those women would not be accepted into anything where you had to have a
woman who would simply accept what she was told to do. So, those women who
finally have begun to free themselves would be excluded, and as a result,
you would have two classes. You would have the ruling majority by consensus
and the excluded minority that is left out of everything. And that is a
very, very frightening thought. And it's not as if it is theoretical.

This, you're telling us, is being done NOW.  This is being taught NOW.
This is illegal. The Federal Government has been caught doing this illegal
act NOW. We are not theorizing about the future. And I'm concerned about
this. Is that a fair or an unfair summary of your statements, Bev?

BEVERLY EAKMAN [author of EDUCATING FOR THE NEW WORLD ORDER]: I'm not sure
that the Federal Government deliberately got itself in this mess. Some
people, some individuals did, but I think what happened was that they
didn't realize how much footsy they were playing with the Carnegie
Foundation, which is practically taken over ..... Well, I'm not going to
say "practically". It IS taken over by behaviorists. When you look at the
credentials of the leadership ... and those are the people who are sitting
on every important task force, who are making virtually all of the
decisions about education. The problem is that they OWN most of the
computer banks.  They own the testing service.  They own that National
Assessment of Educational Progress.  They own the Scholastic Aptitude
Tests.  They own the National Teaching[ers?] Exam. You can keep going on
and on about all the tests that they own, as well as many of the state
assessments under separate contract, which is a slight conflict of
interest, by the way. They own a lot of the computer systems.  They are in
the position right now that if they said: "We're going to take our
computers and go home," the Federal Government would be in deep trouble. I
mean, they would panic because they have traded so much money back and
forth; given so much money, not just to the Carnegie Foundation, but the
Carnegie Foundation has given money to the GOVERNMENT! Gobs and gobs of
grants for them to establish these computer systems and what-not. And I
think our Federal Government got in over their heads.

                         John DiNardo

********************


PROOF That UN Will Abolish Private Ownership of Firearms

Go to your nearest federal document repository.

Ask for a copy of VOLUME 9 of the 1982 EDITION [*not* the
current,replacement edition] of the U.S. CODE. Turn to page  554, where
you'll find the beginning of PUBLIC LAW # 87-297  [1961].  This law was
signed by President Kennedy in 1962,  has received 18 subsequent updates,
and its provisions have  been steadily implemented by every President
since.

It declares that "NO ONE MAY POSSESS A FIREARM OR LETHAL  WEAPON EXCEPT
POLICE AND MILITARY PERSONNEL".  The progressive  steps in its
implementation include

the confiscation of all privately-held firearms.   This law is taught and
explained in the National War College,  and the various U.S. Armed Forces
Academies.

The relevant pages and sections are: page 554; page 555 [lower right-hand
side of page: defines "disarmament" as elimination  of U.S. Forces and
calls for absolute restrictions on  privately-owned "deadly weapons"]; page
557, sections [a] and  [d] [again, require U.S. to eliminate its Armed
Forces]; page  558 deals with "policy formulation" [i.e.  the
accomplishment of  these goals].  George Bush said that the passing of
authority  to the Secretary-General was "in transition".

The Supreme Court  has already ruled that the U.S. Constitution and its
provisions  stand UNDER the U.N. Charter and the Resolutions of the United
Nations.  The provisions of this law are further explained in STATE
DEPARTMENT PUBLICATION 72-77, which itself is published in unabridged form
in the 35-page "BLUEPRINT FOR THE PEACE RACE", published by U.S. ARMS
CONTROL AND DISARMAMENT AGENCY [PUBLICATION #4, GENERAL SERIES #3, MAY
1962].

Don't be misled by the wording of "Policy Formulation" on page  558 in
volume 9, U.S. CODE, 1982.  It was re-written in 1963 to  pacify objectors,
and forbids removal of firearms from the  populace or reduction in national
armed strength "UNLESS IT IS  PURSUANT TO THE TREATY-MAKING POWER OF THE
PRESIDENT OR AUTHORISED BY LEGISLATION OF THE CONGRESS"!  The U.N Charter
is  regarded as an already-binding treaty, so all that is required  is a
U.N. Resolution or Congressional legislation to ban all  "citizen"
armaments.  George Bush's father, Preston, helped push  this law [87-297]
through Congress.  One of the experts on it is ex-State Senator Bernadine
Smith [Box 1776, HANFORD, CALIFORNIA 93232], who resisted it bitterly, and
knows its  contents and intent as well as anybody.  Or you could just call
the National War College and ask innocently for more information  on it!

AFT, as the "compliance and enforcement" arm of the Treasury  Department
[which has a CFR man heading it], has been  unlawfully "compelling" gunshop
owners across the U.S. to  provide the names, addresses and zip codes of
all "long gun"  [rifle and shotgun] purchasers, when no legal requirement
exists for this.  They are apparently creating a computerised  registry of
ALL private weapons across the United States, by locality, street and
house.

REMEMBER THE CONFISCATION  REQUIREMENT FOR ALL PRIVATE WEAPONS EMBODIED IN
"A  BLUEPRINT FOR THE PEACE RACE" AND IN STATE DEPARTMENT PUBLICATION #
72-77?  THIS LAW IS STILL IN THE *CURRENT* EDITION OF THE U.S. CODE,
ALTHOUGH THE PAGE NUMBERS HAVE BEEN CHANGED. YOU CAN FIND  IT FAIRLY EASILY
BY CHECKING THE INDEX TO THE U.S.CODE.

--
Dave Feustel N9MYI	Internet:   <feustel@netcom.com>
219-483-1857		Compuserve: <73532,1747>

******************

 America's Future, Inc
Behind The Headlines
October, 1994

                     MARX DOING WELL ON U.S. CAMPUSES
                     ********************************

  It's a study in bizarre contrasts. Even as desperate Cubans risk their
lives to escape communism, the teaching of Marxism continues to flourish on
U.S. college campuses. But with a "modern" twist.

  Unlike the radical `60s, today's Marxists for the most part are not
planning worker revolutions or the collapse of capitalism. Instead, they're
offering schemes for economic equality and social justice. "These days,"
says the Wall Street Journal's education reporter Amanda Bennett, "Marxist
academics are studying the economics of race and sex, the concepts of
comparable worth and welfare reform, the future of world trade and the
environment." All of which sounds a lot like the agenda of today's
mainstream liberals.

  Indeed, rather than folding their tents with the collapse of the Soviet
Union, the neo-Marxists are adapting to changing times. An academic
conference titled "Marxism in the New World Order" drew 1,500 enthusiastic
participants. At this year's annual meeting of the American Economics
Association, a session on "What It Still Means to be a Marxist in
Economics" drew a standing-room only audience. Freed from association with
the failed Soviet Union, "Marxian economics has regained the liveliness and
the debates," says Richard Wolff, a Marxist professor at the University of
Massachusetts at Amherst. "It's fun."

  Well, maybe Marxism is a ball for some academics. But it's more likely
to be a tragedy for millions of people forced to live under what used to be
called Marxism-Leninism. Actually, Karl Marx, the 19th century German
philosopher and revolutionary, had little to say about communism, which
took over in Russia during and after World War I. It was under the
machinations of Vladimir Lenin that Marxism-Leninism began its bloody,
70-year drive for world domination.

  Both Lenin and his successor, Josef Stalin, have become non-persons
among today's Marxist intelligentsia - Stalin after his murderous
proclivities were exposed by Nikita Khrushchev in 1956, and Lenin after his
evil past was fully uncovered only recently. According to Dmitry
Volkogonov, senior military advisor to President Boris Yeltsin and a
prominent Russian author and historian, Lenin's "main quality was his
enormous, fanatic belief in the

Communist Utopia. To achieve it in practice, Lenin would not stop at
anything: terrorism, lies and hostage-taking." Volkogonov said a study of
3,724 once-secret Soviet documents confirmed that Lenin unquestionably
initiated the terror that Stalin carried on to kill millions of Russians.
And contrary to previous Communist Party portrayals of Lenin as a patriotic
hero, the historian found that he frequently referred to the Russian people
as "fools" and "idiots."

  Today's Marxists seem to have no difficulty in consigning Lenin to the
"dustbin of history." And they offer ready explanations for the failure of
the former Soviet and East European systems. Power was never equally
distributed in the Soviet Union, says Stephen Resnick, another University
of Massachusetts at Amherst economics professor. Instead, he says, the
Soviet system was a form of state capitalism.

  Mainstream economists scoff at such Marxist alibis. Paul Samuelson,
emeritus professor of economics at MIT and author of a classic economics
textbook, puts it this way: "Some Americans went from believing in the
Soviet Union and becoming disillusioned, to believing in Castro's Cuba and
becoming disillusioned, to Mao's China and becoming disillusioned. If you
are a serious student of history, you have to ask yourself if it's the
system that cannot work."

  Yet, modern American Marxists still believe the system can work. John
Roemer, a Marxist professor of economics at the University of California at
Davis, would distribute equal numbers of shares in U.S. companies to all
adult Americans in the form of vouchers. He argues that the basis of
socialism is not state planning and ownership but "egalitarianism." Antonio
Callari, a professor at Franklin and Marshall College, would impose a
so-called "social tariff" on imports from countries with repressive social
policies. Julie Mattaei, a Wellesley College economics professor,says
today's Marxists are concerned with an "analysis of how institutions are
oppressive, based on gender, race and sexuality." And Stephen Resnick, the
University of Massachusetts economics professor, among others, would like
Congress to pass a law giving workers control over all company profits.
"The workers at General Motors," he says, "should get the profits of
General Motors."

  Somehow, a lot of these "new" Marxist schemes have an old and familiar ring.
===================================================================
Behind the Headlines, written by Philip C. Clarke, is a syndicated column
distributed by America's Future. It is available to interested newspapers
and other publications on a gratis basis as a service of this non-profit
educational organization. For more information, please write or call Mr.
John Wetzel, c/o America's Future Inc., P.O. Box 1625, Milford, Pa. 18337
(717) 296-2800.

*********************

 Abortion-Related Legislation in Congress

** Ban on Partial Birth Abortion Method (Canady bill)  Most Americans know
little about the actual methods of abortion or exactly what those methods
do to an unborn child at various stages of development. For the most part,
the mass media have "protected" the public from receiving such information
in news coverage or even in paid advertising.

Most Americans believe that abortion is only legal early in pregnancy, and
they would be particularly shocked to learn about the methods that are used
to perform late-term abortions. This year, Congress will consider
legislation that will throw a spotlight on one approach to late-term
abortions - the partial birth abortion methods.

Members of Congress, including Charles Canady (R-FL), Barbara Vucanovich
(R-NV), Tony Hall (D-OH), and House Judiciary Chairman Henry Hyde (R-IL)
have introduced a bill to ban partial-birth abortions nationwide. The same
bill is being introduced in the Senate by Senator Bob Smith (R-NH).

Contrary to some press reports, the bill would not apply to only "third
trimester" abortions, but to all abortions that meet the bill's definition
of "partial-birth" abortions. This definition covers all methods that
involve the delivery of most of the living baby's body before the baby is
killed (generally by stabbing the baby through the skull with surgical
scissors, then removing the brain with a suction machine). These procedures
are usually performed between 19 weeks and 40 weeks of pregnancy.

ACTION: This legislation will force many lawmakers to reflect anew on how
far they wish to go in defending violent attacks on innocent human beings.
The House Judiciary Committee is expected to vote on the Partial-Birth
Abortion Ban Act during July. Please contact your Congressman and urge
support for this legislation. Even abortion proponents have no reason to
oppose sensible legislation of this type.

For further information on these matters, including legislative language
and background material, contact National Right to Life at: 202-626-8800.
For updates on recent Congressional events, call the NRLC Congressional
Hotline at:  202-393-5433.

**************************

Money in your pocket - who needs it? Not Swindon

    By Alan Raybould

    LONDON, June 30 (Reuter) - On the face of it an unassuming  former
railway town in the south of England called Swindon is  an unlikely setting
for a financial revolution.

    But from July 3 Swindon will be the test-bed for Mondex,  an
"electronic cash' system that could revolutionise the way  people all
around the world pay for everyday goods and  services.

    The Mondex system is the brainchild of Britain's National  Westminster
Bank. At its heart is a plastic "smart card' that  looks like any credit
card in your wallet, except that it  contains a microchip for storing
electronic cash.

    The chip is "charged' with money through special cash  dispensers or
by using telephone lines to access a bank  account.

    The electronic cash can be paid to a shopkeeper simply by  slipping
the card into an electronic reader in special cash  tills, or it can be
transferred to another person's card via a  special "wallet' that resembles
a pocket calculator.

    Britain's Midland Bank and telephone company British
Telecommunications have teamed up with NatWest to develop  Mondex, and
their ambitions are lofty.

    "I think in the long term we would expect electronic cash  to account
for about a quarter of all the transactions that  take place in society,
which is a massive figure," Mondex  public relations manager David Morton
told Reuters in an  interview.

    "You'd be hoping to see the vast majority of people  beginning to
carry (Mondex) cards, including children, in five  to 10 years time," he
added.

    But one step at a time -- Swindon has to be won over  first.

    So for six months the Mondex system will be used there  free of charge
by 40,000 people, who will be able to spend  their electronic cash in 1,000
retail outlets, having charged  their cards using state-of-the-art phone
boxes.

    They will be able to use Mondex to buy food from the Tesco
supermarket and newspapers from the corner shop. They can get  a beer or
two at the local pub and, if they need a taxi home,  there's a good chance
the cabbie will accept the card, too.

    So what's wrong with notes and coins?

    A big selling point for electronic cash is its convenience  -- no more
piles of coins on the bedside table after a night  on the town, no more
chasing around looking for a cash  machine.

    Morton estimated there were some 10,000 dispensers a  Briton can get
notes from in each of the competing bank  networks.

    "In comparison, there's 150,000 public phone boxes, and  probably
another 150,000 semi-public phones in places like  restaurants that you'll
also be able to use. So you suddenly  go up to 300,000 places where you can
get cash," he said.

    "Better than that, you can have a mobile phone that is
 Mondex-compatible, and you've got your own personal, mobile  cashpoint,"
he added.

    That is no pipedream -- far eastern manufacturers are  already asking
for Mondex specifications.

    Security is another plus, since the card can be "locked",  using the
wallet and only unlocked with a four-digit code.

    Morton gave the example of someone buying a second-hand  car.

    "Typically, your used car salesman doesn't want to take an  Access
card or whatever. He likes cash, that's the sort of  economy it is.
Equally, they're usually in slightly  unsalubrious places, so rather than
wandering around with 500  quid ($800) in your pocket all day, just waiting
to be mugged,  you carry the 500 pounds ($800) locked in Mondex," Morton
said.

    "Or, if he's got a phone in his office, you'll actually  take the
money out at the last minute."

    Once the system becomes more international, you will also  be able to
load your card with foreign currency before going  on holiday --
"bikini-friendly money", Morton called it.

    "You can get your currency in, lock it up and go swimming  with it in
your pocket. And then buy an ice-cream as soon as  you get out of the sea,"
he said.

    For the retailer, convenience and security are just as  important.

    A small business gets its cash immediately. There is no  hanging
around waiting for a cheque to clear, no worry that  the cheque-book or
credit card has been used fraudulently --  and there's no trip to the bank
with bags full of notes and  coins.

    Which is also good news for the banks, and probably the  reason why
NatWest put money -- real money, but exactly how  much it won't say -- into
the project in the first place.

    Cash transactions only account for four percent of all  trade in
Britain, by value, but moving cash around costs the  banks 250 million
pounds ($400 million) a year according to  one estimate.

    If all goes well in Swindon, Mondex will be progressively  extended
around Britain, through selected retailers at first.

    After that, a pilot scheme in Canada is planned for early  next year,
then one in the Far East. And one day, so NatWest  hopes, Mondex will be
common currency around the globe.  REUTER

Transmitted:  95-06-29 18:22:28 PDT

***********************


THE NEW AMERICAN -- April 3, 1995
Copyright 1995 -- American Opinion Publishing, Incorporated P.O. Box 8040,
Appleton, WI 54913

ARTICLE: Overview
TITLE: UNITED NATIONS CHRONOLOGY: FIFTY YEARS OF SHAME
AUTHOR: Robert W. Lee

Though far from complete, the following record demonstrates the extent to
which the United Nations  has, since its founding in 1945, worked to pull
down the economic, political, and moral pillars on which the American
Republic was built:

APRIL 25, 1945. The United Nations founding conference convened in San
Francisco with U.S.  State Department official Alger Hiss serving as
Secretary-General. Hiss, a Soviet spy, would
eventually be convicted of perjury for lying about his pro-Soviet activities.

FEBRUARY 6, 1946. The Senate confirmed Assistant Secretary of the Treasury
Harry Dexter White to be executive director for the United States of the
UN's International Monetary Fund (IMF). White served as chairman of the
committee that established the IMF.  In November 1953, Attorney  General
Herbert Brownell confirmed during a speech in Chicago that White, like
Hiss, was a Soviet spy. Brownell asserted that "the records in my
department show that White's spying activi ties for the Soviet government
were reported in detail by the FBI to the White House...in December of
1945. In the face of this information, and incredible though it may seem,
President Truman subsequently on January 23, 1946 nominated White" to the
IMF post.

SEPTEMBER 8, 1954. The Southeast Asia Collective Defense Treaty was signed
by the eight participating nations, including the United States. The
Southeast Asia Treaty Organization (SEATO), is a regional subsidiary of the
UN, later served as the primary "legal" justification for U.S. involvement
in Vietnam. Writing in the New York Times for March 2, 1966, C. L.
Sulzberger revealed that former Secretary of State John Foster Dulles
"fathered SEATO with the deliberate purpose, as he explained to me, of
providing the U.S. President with legal authority to intervene in
Indochina." After the war, which formally ended with a communist victory on
April 30, 1975, SEATO, having served its purpose, was disbanded (February
1976).

SEPTEMBER 13, 1961. The UN launched Operation Morthor, a full-scale
military invasion of the independent, anti-communist province of Katanga in
the former Belgian Congo. The UN assault included the bombing of hospitals,
attacks on ambulances, and general violence so extreme that the 46 civilian
doctors of Katanga's capital of Elizabethville issued the book-length
report 46 ANGRY MEN which, accompanied by pictorial examples of UN
atrocities, documented the horror that the UN inflicted in the name of
"peace."

SEPTEMBER 25, 1961. President John F. Kennedy presented the U.S.
disarmament plan, subsequently published as State Department Publication
7277 (Freedom From War: The United States Program for General and Complete
Disarmament in a PeacefulWorld), the ultimate aim of which is the creation
of a world order in which "no state would have the military power to
challenge the progressively strengthened U.N. Peace Force...." The
treasonous policy outlined in this sovereignty-destroying document remains
in effect to the present.

NOVEMBER 11, 1965. Rhodesia declared its independence from Great Britain,
and the UN General Assembly immediately branded it "a threat to
international peace and security." On December 16, 1966, the Security
Council voted to impose mandatory sanctions (for the first time in UN
history), which the Johnson Administration promptly endorsed. In 1971,
Congress approved an amendment allowing the U.S. to import strategic
materials from communist nations, but repealed the amendment in 1977. On
April 18, 1980, Rhodesia officially expired, becoming the Marxist-ruled
nation of Zimbabwe. UN sanctions were lifted and by late September the U.S.
and other Western countries had pledged more than $300 million in aid to
the new communist regime led by terrorist Robert Mugabe.

OCTOBER 25, 1971. The General Assembly voted to admit Mao Tse-tung's Red
China into the UN, and ousted Nationalist (Free) China. In an unprecedented
move, Secretary-General Thant subsequently expelled Free China's press
representatives from UN headquarters. The 1975 edition  of The Guinness
Book of World Records reported that the "greatest massacre in human history
ever attributed to any nation is that of 26,300,000 Chinese during the
regime of Mao Tse-tung between 1949 and May, 1965."

APRIL 16, 1974. The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) announced
plans to aid communist North Vietnam and areas held by the Vietcong inthe
South. The program, described in a report by UNICEF director Henry
Labouisse, called for $18 million of the $22.5 million amount to be spent
in the North.

NOVEMBER 13, 1974. Yasir Arafat, leader of the terrorist Palistine
Liberation Organization (PLO), addressed the UN General Assembly. It was
the first time that a representative of any group lacking offcial UN status
had appeared before the assembly. In subsequent months, the PLO was invited
to participate in many UN agencies, and the UN announced on October 7, 1978
that its Secretariat had launched a $500,000 publicity campaign to, among
other things, create a moderate image for the PLO  in the United States and
other Western countries.

APRIL 2, 1992. The U.S. Senate ratified the United Nations Covenant on
Civil and Political Rights, many provisions of which are diametrically
opposed to tenets of our own Bill of Rights. Article 20, for instance,
requires states "to prohibit by law any propaganda for war and any advocacy
of national, racial or religious hatred that constitutes incitement to
discrimination, hostility or violence." In the United States, the right to
preach, print, and propagandize even wrong-headed views has been one of our
most cherished and vigorously defended freedoms.

JULY 1993. The UN Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) granted consultive
status to the International Lesbian and Gay Association (ILGA), a coalition
which includes the North American Man-Boy Love Association (NAMBLA). NAMBLA
promotes pedophilia and advocates sex with children as young as six years
old. On January 26, 1994, the U.S. Senateunanimously voted to withhold
$118.8 million in fiscal year 1994, and in 1995 if necessary, from the U.S.
annual contribution to the UN unless ECOSOC severed its ties with ILGA. In
September 1994, ECOSOC did indeed suspend ILGA, but only until the
homosexual group proves that it has in turn cut ties with NAMBLA and any
other groups that condone, promote, or seek to legalize adult-child sexual
relations.

END OF ARTICLE

THE NEW AMERICAN -- April 3, 1995 Copyright 1995 -- American Opinion
Publishing,
Incorporated P.O. Box 8040, Appleton, WI 54913SUBSCRIPTIONS: $39.00/year
(26 issues)
WRITTEN PERMISSION FOR REPOSTING REQUIRED: Released for informational
purposes to  allow individual file transfer and non-commercial mail-list
transfer only. All other  copyright privileges are reserved. Address
reposting requests to birch@athenet.net or the above address.

******************

NOW IS THE TIME
75321.3407@compuserve.com

   WASHINGTON - For the first time on U.S. soil, NATO soldiers will hold a
peacekeeping exercise with troops of the former Warsaw Pact, the Pentagon
announced Friday.

   The exercise, called Cooperative Nugget '95, will be held Aug. 6-28 at
Fort Polk, La.

   About 4,200 troops from 14 central and eastern European countries as
well as the United States, Canada and Britain will participate. Nine
countries will send observers, including France, Austria and the former
Soviet republic of Georgia.

   The non-NATO countries participating are members of NATO's"Partnership
for Peace," a new arrangement designed to encourage Russia and other former
Soviet republics, as well as the newly democratic East European nations, to
adopt Western democratic practices such as ensuring civilian control of the
military.

   This will be the sixth military exercise held as part of the
Partnership for Peace, but the first in the United States.

   The Clinton administration had wanted Russia to participate in the
August peacekeeping exercise, but Moscow has made no commitment. A joint
U.S.-Russian peacekeeping exercise, separate from the Fort Polk event, is
to be held in Kansas in October.

   At the Fort Polk exercise, each participating country will contribute a
rifle platoon. The platoons will be combined to form a NATO-Partnership for
Peace battalion. The national contingents will receive linguistic and
technical support from elements of the 10th Special Forces Group, from Fort
Carson, Colo.

   The scenario at Fort Polk will be a fictional border dispute between
two hypothetical countries. The United Nations will attempt to resolve the
dispute and establish a peacekeeping force to monitor the buffer zone
between the two sides.

   Of the approximately 2,500 U.S. troops participating, most will be from
the Army's 2nd Armored Cavalry Regiment based at Fort Polk, said Maj.
Walter Thorp, a spokesman at U.S. Atlantic Command, which is helping
organize the exercise.

   The non-NATO countries scheduled to participate are Albania, Bulgaria,
the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lithuania,
Poland, Romania, the Slovac Republic, Slovenia, Ukraine and Uzbekistan.
Each is expected to contribute between 30 and 40 soldiers plus about 10 to
act as observer-controllers.

*************************

Windows 95 - Big Brother is Watching You?
Date: Wed, 31 May 1995 16:05:11 -0500 (EST)

Check this out!! Rumor???


Windows 95 Warning on comp.risks, in Information Week

 Microsoft officials confirm that beta versions of Windows 95 include a
small viral routine called Registration Wizard.  It interrogates every
system on a network gathering intelligence on what software is being run on
which machine.  It then creates a complete listing of both Microsoft's  and
competitors' products by machine, which it reports to Microsoft when
customers sign up for Microsoft's Network Services, due for launch later
this year.



 "In Short" column, page 88, _Information Week_ magazine, May 22, 1995



 The implications of this action, and the attitude of Microsoft to plan
such action, beggars the imagination.



 An update on this. A friend of mine got hold of the beta test CD of
Win95, and set up a packet sniffer between his serial port and the modem.
When you try out the free demo time on The Microsoft Network, it  transmits
your entire directory structure in background.

 This means that they have a list of every directory (and, potentially
every file) on your machine. It would not be difficult to have something
like a FileRequest from your system to theirs, without you knowing about
it. This way they could get ahold of any juicy routines you've written
yourself and claim them as their own if you don't have them copyrighted.



 Needless to say, I'm rather annoyed about this.

 So spread the word as far and wide as possible: Steer clear of Windows
95.  There's nothing to say that this "feature" will be removed in the
final release.




************************************************
Thje New Age Update

By: Rudy Hulstrom

	The following is a sample of the articles that you will see within the
pages of New Age Update.A monthly publication that will change your
understanding of the world around you. Using today's headlines,daily events
will take on new meaning!!

	New Age Update is written from a Biblical Christian world viewpoint and
exposes the New Age/New World Order and it's foundation of occult
philosophy.

	Each issue of New Age Update brings you current news,information and
commentary that you can use. Our goal is to educate,edify and strengthen
all who thirst for the truth that is hidden in the pages of a biased news
media.

	In these last of the last days, New Age Update may be one monthly
newsletter that pulls no punches and brings you the truth about the growth
of the New World Order as it is prophesied in the pages of the Bible.

	If you are not afraid of the truth.If you have sensed that the news media
is not telling you the whole story,then you need New Age Update to put
today's news stories in their proper perspective.

	Subscription rates are a mere $8.00 per year for(12)issues,plus surprise
bonus reports along the way.

	For a sample copy of this 8 page newsletter,includes graphics,cartoons
and fancy fonts(neat stuff), just send $1.00 to Rudy Hulstrom 1504
Cardinal. Melrose Park,IL.60160
	

This is what you would have found in the July issue of New Age Update!

		New Age-What is it?

	Throughout New Age News,the term "New Age "is used consistantly.We
realize that there are some people who do not as yet understand just what
the New Age is or isn't.Therefore here is a brief description and
definition of"New Age".

	The New Age is not a cult or a sect.It has nothing to do with any type of
organized religion.There are no sets of doctrinal beliefs,with the
exception of one. Everything opposite of Christianity.

	The best way that I could describe it would be a philosophy.It is a
mixture of spiritual,social and political beliefs. People can be a part of
the New Age and not even know it. And only the people who are well educated
in the"spiritual"aspects of it fully understand what it means. It is fully
occult. Though there are many versions of it,it will be the only acceptable
religion in the New World Order. It will be the"tolerant"religion where you
can believe whatever you want,(all or part of their beliefs )as long as you
don't try to change anyone else. (a good example would be,if you are
pro-life,keep it to yourself ).

	Elements of the New Age philosophy have infiltrated every area of our
life.It's in the major corporations,poitical groups (to include the White
House where there meditation rooms that people can go into and
"meditate,empty their minds and recharge their spiritual
energies".)schools,health clinics,television,( even commercials
),movies,amusement parks,such as Disney World,and even the MIlitary.

	Evolution is a major belief of New Agers.They believe that man will
eventually evolve into godhood. (the Aryan blond-haired blue-eyed Hitler
race ).It's called the"Divine Higher Self"which puts everyone on the same
level as God.

	Reincarnation is a major belief.They believe that if you don't get it
right the first time,you'll come back again and againuntil you
do.Eventually you evolve into godhood.This helps support their belief for
in abortion. If it's not meant for that baby to be born,they'll just return
in another life.

	Some of the practices of the New Age are communication with the spirit
world,( they call it Channelling ),searching for"new" knowledge,holistic
healing, (the healing of the body,mind and soul )done with the use of
crystals and with the mind,out of body experiences,meditation,altyered
states of conciousness,understanding the powers of the brain,human
potential (a term used consistently with New Agers ),and mysticism.

	They practice astrology, tarot cards,psychic readings (spiritual
connection to the earth and animals ).

	Crystals and pyramids are very important to New Agers because they
believe that they channel psychic powers.

	There is something interesting about the pyramids if you look at them.The
corner stone of the pyramid is the top point.I thgough that this was
peculiar because in any building the cornerstone is at the base and the
structure is built on this foundation.

	You can see by this that the New Age/occult New World Order is building
their dream backwards and upside-down.

	Christ's name is used freely in the New Age,but it doesn't mean the same.
To them there have been many"Christs"as to them it is nothing more than an
office to be held until someone else takes over.

	There are many people who practice New Age and have absolutely no idea of
what they are in to,which is another accomplisment of The New World Order.
***************************************************************************
***************************

                Who Are "THEY"?

		Ever wonder who "they" are? They are those who fancy themselves as
having the only mature minds,who regard the average citizen as disposable
labor. Consider them a global country club,an alliance of groups. The
Council on Foreign relations and the Trilateral Commission are not paranoid
fantasy.

	The CFR originated as a banker's lobby. Now they are a group of movers
and shakers who view national sovereignty as an impediment to doing
business. They have an address in New York City where you can write for
information. The CFR publishes a scholarly magazine called "Foreign
Affairs" where they are astonishingly candid about their plot.

	The Trilateral Commission was formed by David Rockefeller as a higher
level of the CFR.The head of the snake appears to be the shadowy
"Illuminati",which draws from the dethroned royalty and anglophiles who
believe that America is still England's property,Freemasonry and assorted
other secret societies".

	Most of their organizations consist of thousands of misguided and
deceived people who want to know the"secret knowledge"kept only for the
elect few. If fact,one of their cardinal beliefs is the worship of
knowledge. It is their belief that Adam and Eve were held prisoner in the
Garden of Eden by an unjust and vindictive god. They believe that Satan,in
the guise of the serpent,gave mankind the gift of intellect and the ability
to become gods. The Masons and others freely admit in their own writings
that it is Lucifer that they worship as the one true god.

	"They"occupy the highest levels of government,business,military
(especially the intelligence arms )and education.

	They believe that through population reduction and a one-world-system of
government,they can achieve utopia. They refer to themselves
as"adepts",they refer to others as"profane"

	Many of our Pesidents have been or are now,33rd Degree Masons and Rhodes
Scholars and Anglophiles.

***************************************************************************
***************************

I just took a look at one of the New Age techniques for improving a
person's life through the use of"subliminal affirmation tapes".This is
truly an amazing system that outright lies to it's users and somehow makes
them believe that it works.

	In case you don't know what"affirming"is all about.Here it is in a
nutshell,( nutshell,get it? )I'm sorry,my mind wandered.

	Affirming is repeating a statement to yourself,over and over so that you
believe what you have told yourself.

	Now that you understand that, the rest is easy. The use of phrases such
as,"I control my health and my body". "I am calm and relaxed", "I deserve
wellness","I am safe","I am a wonderful person and deserve a long and
healthy life" are found in this life affirming program. The use of the word
"I" is the clue to the problem of"affirmation".It leaves no room for the
relationship between man and his Creator God.It simply says that"I"can do
all things through myself.

	Where the Bible states firmly that I can do all things through Christ who
strengthens me!! Phil 2:13.
	
	Now I want to get to the heart of this matter straight from their own
advertising letter that accompanied this tape and literature. According to
their"Secret Behind Subliminal Tapes".

	They say "The reason why subliminal tapes are effective in changing
behavior and modifying a person's self image,is because the affirmations (
positive experiences )go directly into the subconcious. Most
self-improvement techniques work only with the concious mind. And the
problem is that when you tell your concious mind,"I am wealthy",or"I am
thin",it knows that you are lying."

	"Subliminal affirmations succeed because they do not produce a mental
conflict with your critical concious mind which questions and rejects
change. The subliminal technique bypasses the concious mind and is picked
up by the subconcious only. The subconcious then goes about acting upon
this new experience."

	"The most important fact about the subconcious is this: The subconcious
mind doesn't know the difference between a real and an imagined
experience".

	( Please read that last sentence again! )

	There it is boys and girls! They tell you that it is all a lie and then
expect you to pay for it. Each of these"programs" sell for $40 to $50.

	Simple faith and trust in Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior of your life
does much more than any"subliminal affirmation program".Because He is The
Way,The Truth and The Life.and to top it off faith in Christ is free! For
God so loved the world that HE GAVE his one and only son,that whosoever
believes in him would have eternal life. ( John 3:16 )

***************************************************************************
***************************

Chicago Tribune 5/29/95
	Washington- In the wake of the terrorist bombing in Oklahoma
City,Americans already suspicious of the "New World Order"are viewing the
Trilateral Commission,long regarded by critics as a world-government in
waiting,with increasing alarm.

	The New York office of the commission,a 22 year old organization of world
corporate and political leaders,fas experienced a significant increase in
inquiiries about its activities since the Oklahoma bombing and news reports
about state militias.

	"We can always tell when we are being talked about as an example of the
new world order,"Rohesia Witte,who manages the Trilateral Commission's
publications and databases,said in a telephone interview last week.

	Among conspiracy theorists,the Trilateral Commission-little more than a
discussion group on world affairs-is a"perrenial evergreen," Richard
Powers,a history professor who lectures on conspiracy theories at City
University of New York,said in an interview.

	"It's one of those elite,insider organizations that arouse the suspicions
of people who feel themselves very far removed from the centers of
power,"Powers said.

	It is internationalist,which Powers added,is"right at the heart of
suspicions"that there "only two forces in the world"-patriots and "those
who want to impose an international world government."

	Consequently,The Trilateral Commissin adds to the alarm of militia
groups,which express fear not only of the federal government but also of
invading UN forces imposing a world government.

	And it concerns the commission that it fuels such fears.

  "It is a disturbing thing that there's such a large amount of what seems
to be an ignorant anger-that people are focusing on groups and forming
opinions without being informed,"Witte said.

	The commission was established in 1973 by banker David Rockefeller to
promote international cooperation. It maintains offices in New York,Paris
and Tokyo. Its annual budget of about $700,000 from personal and corporate
donations pays rent and salaries for no more tha 12 employees.

	Its 335 members meet once a year-the meetings are open to the press-and
issue a report on a major issue of international importance.This year's
report is on Russia.

	The fact that its members are high-level corporate
executives,academicians and public policy leaders from North
America,Western Europe and Japan contributes to the conspiracy theories.

	"Its understandable," Witte said."There are a lot of corporate and
political heavyweights."

***************************************************************************
***************************

		Medium

	A Medium is one possessed by (Lev. 20:22) or consulting (Deut. 18:11) a
ghost or spirit of the dead, especially for information about the future.
Acting as a medium was punishable by stoning (Lev. 20:27); consulting a
medium, by exclusion from the congregation of Israel (Lev. 20:6). The
transformation of Saul from one who expelled mediums (1 Sam. 28:3) to one
who consulted a medium at En-dor (28:8-19) graphically illustrates his
fall.

    The Hebrew word translated medium (ob) may refer to the spirit of a
dead person, to the medium possessed by the spirit, or to images used to
conjure up spirits. Manasseh made such images (2 Kings 21:6; 2 Chron.
33:6). Josiah destroyed them as part of his reforms (2 Kings 23:24). Saul's
success in quickly locating a medium (1 Sam. 28:8) points both to the
popularity of the practice of consulting the dead and the difficulty of
eradicating it.

    Isaiah 8:19 suggests a possible connection between the consulting of
mediums and ancestor worship. Those to be consulted are termed "fathers"
and "gods." (Compare 1 Sam. 28:13 where Samuel is described as elohim or
"god.") The chirping and muttering of the spirits perhaps refers to the
inarticulate sounds which must be interpreted by the medium. Consulting of
mediums defiled the land and was described as prostitution. God's people
were to trust God in times of distress and not resort to other "gods" in an
attempt to learn the future.

	So much for the Pyschics that we see and hear on the television and all
the others who dare to take the place of the only true God.

***************************************************************************
***************************

	"We staked the whole future of American civilization,noy upon the power
of government,far from it.

	We have staked the future of all our political institutions upon the
capacity of mankind for self government;upon the capacity for each and all
of us to govern ourselves,to control ourselves according to the Ten
Commandments of God."

	James Madison-The Architect of The Constitution for The United States of
America

Does this sound like separation of church and state to you??

***************************************************************************
***************************

Have you ever been"initiated"?

	The following comes from an article in a new age magazine titled New
World's of Mind and Spirit.It is a description and definition of initiation
rituals of many of the mystical societies.

	Maybe you know of someone who has experienced these things and then has
gone on to higher levels within that certain "society"or "fraternity".This
is especially dangerous,due to the communication with certain"spirits" or
"gods"and the ultimate interaction with them.

	For the Christian these things are forbidden.Deuteronomy 18:10  Let no
one be found among you who sacrifices his son or daughter in the fire, who
practices divination or sorcery, interprets omens, engages in witchcraft,
11  or casts spells, or who is a medium or spiritist or who consults the
dead.

	The time is near.The music is low and incessant-the sound of bells and
chanting priests.Great clouds of sweet-scented smoke drift over you,wave
upon wave.The temple in which you stand is dark with dimly lit candles,yet
full of energy and presence. You are in a heightened state of
awareness;your adrenaline is pumping and your senses seem more sharpened
than ever before.

	Although you are blinfolded,you can still barely perceive the silhouettes
of figures moving gracefully around the room. A priestess comes near and
annoints your forehead with water. Another steps forward and waves a censer
of incense toward you.

	A God's voice addresses you:"Why seekest thou admission to our hall?"

          Without fear,you answer,"Because I seek the Light of the Hidden
Wisdom." You are a seeker of spiritual knowledge.You aspire to become an
Initiate of the Sacred Mysteries.

	The scene above describes an experience that has been undertaken time and
time again by mystics and magicians down through the centuries. These words
could well portray the initiation of an Egyptian priest in ancient
Thebes,or the induction of a citizen of Athens,Greece,into the Eluesinian
mysteries in 400 c.e. It could also depict the initiation experience of any
of the great Mystery religions,including those of
Isis,Serapis,Dionysos,Attis,or Mithras. It could equally portray the
inititory encounters of more modern spiritual seekers,such as
Masons,Wiccans and Ceremonial and Hermetic magicians. The common thread of
ritualized initiation is the experiential link between all of these various
traditions.

	The word"initiation"means literally"to begin". It is the beginning of a
new stage of life;the passage into a distinctly new type of existence.
Initiation represents spiritual growth,the dawning of a new life,which is
dedicated to an entirely new set of principles from that of mundane or
materialistic society. The earmarks of this"new birth"are indicated by an
expansion of the mind,which now recognizes higher levels of conciousness.(
altered states of conciousness )

	The rite of initiation is meant to purify the spiritual seeker and
prepare him/her to receive the secrets and teachings of that magical or
mystical tradition.

	A new initiate does not receive the bulk of this knowledge
immediately,but in gradual stages. This process of spiritual growth begins
at the bottom of a heirarchical ladder,each step of which is accompined by
an additional initiation ceremony and further study work.

***************************************************************************
***************************

Pope invites talks on role of papacy
Chicago Tribune 5/31/95-Rome

	In an appeal for greater unity among Christians,Pope John Paul II invited
leaders of other churches to join him in a discussion on the role of the
papacy,one of the most divisive issues in the history of Christianity.

	In an encyclical letter on ecumenism titled"Ut Unum Sint" ( That They May
Be One ),the pope said he has a particular responsibility to promote unity
among Christians,given what he called the"primacy"of the Roman pope as the
successor to St.Peter.

	Thus,he said,he must heed calls"to find a way of excersizing the primacy
which,while in no way renouncing what is essential to its mission,is
nontheless open to a new situation."

	In the encyclical,the most authoritative form of papal messages,the 75
year old pontiff reiterated his hope that Christianity-after a series of
bitter,often violent schisms and divisions during the last 1,000
years-would be reunified by the year 2000.

	Well,how about that! It seems that the push for a Global-United One World
Church and Religion is on the agenda officially.Sanctioned by non other
than the pope himself.Scripture declares that there will be this kind of
religious reorganization in the last days,before the return of Jesus Christ
to this earth.

	As it says in revelation 13:11  Then I saw another beast, coming out of
the earth. He had two horns like a lamb, but he spoke like a dragon.
12  He exercised all the authority of the first beast on his behalf, and
made the earth and its inhabitants worship the first beast, whose fatal
wound had been healed.
13  And he performed great and miraculous signs, even causing fire to come
down from heaven to earth in full view of men.
14  Because of the signs he was given power to do on behalf of the first
beast, he deceived the inhabitants of the earth. He ordered them to set up
an image in honor of the beast who was wounded by the sword and yet lived.
15  He was given power to give breath to the image of the first beast, so
that it could speak and cause all who refused to worship the image to be
killed.
16  He also forced everyone, small and great, rich and poor, free and
slave, to receive a mark on his right hand or on his forehead,
17  so that no one could buy or sell unless he had the mark, which is the
name of the beast or the number of his name.

***************************************************************************
***************************

Chicago Sun-Times Jan,25,1995

	The number of Americans without health insurance rose slightly between
1992 and 1993 and accounts for 18.1 percent of the population.  About 41
million people lacked health coverage at some time during 1993.

	Get ready for another attack to gain control of your personal
information,health records,and any and all other associated private and
priviliged statistics.The plan for a National I.D.Card is still in effect
and it doesn't matter who is in the majority.Last years defeat of the
"health care"bill was only the opening round ,they do not intend to give up
so easily.Please remeber that it is absolutely necessary for the world
powers to bring this type of I.D.Card to this country.The Mark of the beast
can take many forms and this could be just one of them,in the interest
of"national security"of course..If you believe that I have some mountain
top oil property just north of Orlando,Florida.....

***************************************************************************
***************************

	
	Chicago Tribune 6/13/95 An article on the benefits,methods and uses of
the Enneagram appeared in the Tempo Section of this newspaper.The article
goes on to describe what the purpose and meaning of this symbol has to do
with your personality traits,compulsions and how to spiritualy cure your
problems with the use of this ancient occult symbol. When I firat saw this
symbol in the paper,I said I need to look this up in my trusty book,Mystery
Mark of the New Age by Texe Marrs. Below you will find the definition and
origin of this completely occult and Satanic of symbols.
                   .
	A current popular variation of the triangle is the enneagram,a symbol
that has several triangles arranged so that nine points touch an outer
circle.Sir John Sinclair,inhis commentary on the legacy of Alice
Bailey,founder of Lucis Trust,remarks that the enneagram originated in
ancient Egypt. He suggests that the nine points represent nine different
groups of New Age workers;financiers and
economists,psychologists,telepathic communicators,workers in the field of
religion,educators of the New Age,trained observers,scientific
servers,political organizers,and magnetic healers.

	Djwhal Khul,the spirit guide who revealed this diagram and its meaning to
Alice Bailey,confided to her that once these nine groups come
together,a"tenth group"-which he failed to identify-will come forth to
bring in a One World Order.

	The enneagram also is a Hindu symbol. Sri Aurobindo,an Indian Hindu Guru
whose writings and teachings hold a strange fascination for American and
European New Agers,connects the enneagram not only to the Mother Goddess of
the Hindus but also to the goddess myths of Greece and Rome.

	Spouting a mishmash of astrolgical nonsense,Aurobindo maintains that the
secrets of the enneagram hold the key to the energies of the planet Pluto.
He who unravels these secrets and discovers the mystery of the"Sacred
Triangle,"as he terms the enneagram,will enjoy riches and wealth and
sexually fertile.

	Now a new use for the enneagram has been devised. A Cotholic
priest,Reverend Jim Cook,is giving special seminars. He calls the
enneagram"a system of spiritual self-discovery."Cook teaches that the
enneagram identifies nine basic personality types,the compulsions of
each,their causes and how to spiritually overcome these compulsions.Somehow
this New Age cleric even ties in the personality traits of Jesus.

	The use of the enneagram is the rage among Catholic charismatics-Roman
Catholics who speak in tongues.Its popularity is spurred by a 1984 book:
The Enneagram:A Journey of Self-Discovery,by two priests,Rev.Robert Nogosek
and Rev. Patrick O'Leary,and a nun,Sister Maria Beesing

	The enneagram is simply adevice of the Devil to introduce thousands to
his symbol,the triangle,and to acquaint these people to the use of symbols
as a panacea for their life problems.



59





