Prophe-Zine, Issue # 13
Feb 15, 1996

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 13
Zola Levitt............Craziness and the End Times
David W. Cloud.........Laughing Revivals
The Christian Research Journal........"Fulfilled Prophecy as an Apologetic"
Rob Smith....The Fed And The New World Order
James Norman......The Still Before The Storm
Jack Van Impe ...The European Superstate and the Coming New World Order
Rudy Hulstrom.......New Age News Update
Prophe-Zine News Bites..... Assorted Authors and News Services

Special Thanks to:To my good friend Rob Smith. Rob and I have been sending
email to each other for over a year now. He has in the past, sent me a news
articles, video tapes and taped seminars that he has gone to. He keeps me
up on many things that are happening here in the states and in the world.
He has been a true and good friend, and VERY helpful in the production of
Prophe-Zine. --- Thanks Rob---

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on the
1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet. You can also get back issues at Prophe-Zine's web site.
Address: http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in

 Matthew 28:19:
                  "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine
Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1996 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions: It
may not be included in a software package without prior consent from the
author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, MacDraw Pro, Color-It, JPEGview, Popcorn, OnLine Bible
KJV 2.1, plus any other freeware that I can get my hands on to fill up the
hard drive and use up even MORE RAM

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

*****************************
Welcome to Issue # 13

Hello everyone,

In this issue we are going to be looking at the issue of "end times" and
further pushing towards Golobal Government. Also I reposted a article from
Media Bypass which has been a VERY hot topic on the radio talk shows
recently.
At this time I would like to come out and officially endorse Pat Buchanon
for President. It is in my opinion that he will do the best for our
country. He is a man of God and his morals have never strayed. He believes
in the sovereignty of our nation and wants to return God to our nation. He
is pro-family, pro-life, wants to see that children can once again say
prayers in school if they want and take their bible to class if they wish.
America has forgotten that it is God who is our cornerstone and Pat wants
to return our nation to a God fearing nation, instead of the secular
humanist police state that it has grown into. Please keep Pat in your
prayers and please get involved this year in the elections.
It is my opinion that we are at a cross roads and we are truly battling for
the moral soul of our nation. We as Christians have not been good stewards
of the great land of ours. Now is the time to pull our heads out of the
sand and stand once again for what is the right thing to do.  (Matthew
25:14-30...Ephesians 6:10-13...Romans 13:1-7) Many secular people and
Christians raise the church and state issue and our founding fathers. I
have added a few of my favorite quotes from some of our founding fathers
regarding being a Christian and government. ( I got a new book a few weeks
ago reagrding famous quotes about  God and country)

	"It cannot be emphasized too strongly or too often that this  great nation
was founded, not by religionists, but by Christians;  not on religions, but
on the gospel of Jesus Christ!"

					- Patrick Henry


	"Our constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is
wholly inadequate to the government of any other."

					- John Adams


	"The moral principles and precepts contained in the Scriptures  ought to
form the basis of all our civil constitutions and laws.   All the miseries
and evil men suffer from vice, crime, ambition,  injustice, oppression,
slavery, and war, proceed from their dispising or neglecting the precepts
contained in the Bible."

					- Noah Webster


	"Why may not the Bible and especially the New Testament be  read and
taught as a divine revelation in the schools?  Where else can the purest
principles of morality be learned  so clearly or so perfectly as from the
New Testament?"

					- U.S. Supreme Court, 1844


	"Of all the dispositions and habits which lead to political   prosperity,
religion and morality are indispensable supports.  It is impossible to
rightly govern the world without God and  the Bible."

					- George Washington


OK now I am geting off my soap box.

I want to thank some of you for sending me your articles, but I need so
many more to keep this pace up..so once again I am asking (begging) for
articles from you the reader. I really need more article dealing with
Christian issues. I have been drawing from the more politicical articles,
because that is what readers are sending me... Please send me more articles
dealing with Bible Prohecy, Messiah, anything regarding any christian issue
you want to share with the other readers. I wish to remain balenced and to
spread the gospel, but I really need your help.

One last thing...
If any of you visited my www in a little while ago, you would have noticed
that it was blackened. I did this in protest of the Telcom reform bill and
what it does to censor us (Christians). Many people think that this is a
"great victory" but it is actually VERY scary.

Now I think that there is a lot of bad stuff that you can get off the net,
(Yes, I have checked it out) and you may ask " why do I think this is a bad
bill"? Isn't the bill a great victory for the Family? And in a sense you
are correct. Here are some things I would like to point out. It is of my
opinion that this bill is going to be used against us, more than in favor
of us (Right wing wackos)

A couple of things that make the flags go up in my mind....

1. This bill is against " indecency" (sp) the word is VERY loosely stated
and VERY open to interpretation. For example you ask one of us what this is
and means. We would talk about the family, and the harmful things that are
out there in C-space, ie porn, violence, nazis, ect. However, say you ask
Madalen O'Hair-Murrray (the famous atheist) and she will say religion, In
God we Trust on our money, the 10 Commandments, ect.

2. Did you know after all, the Telecom "Reform" Act, makes it unlawful, and
punishable by a $250,000 to say "sh%t" on-line. Or, for that matter, to say
any of the other 7 dirty words prohibited in broadcast media. Or to talk
about any bodily function in any but the most clinical terms.  Or to
discuss abortion openly.

The thing that bothers me the most is the abortion issue. The FACE bill
signed by Bill Clinton took away First amendment rights of MANY Christians
who believe in life and not death. Look at how that has affected the
Christian community. Like I stated before, it is in my opinion that we have
just given the left another tool to silence us even more. What about if
people start talking about guns, militias, the Bible, Prayer, will this be
indecent someday too? I guess we will see.

In His service,
Ray
Prophe-Zine

*********************************
Craziness and the End Times
By Zola Levitt

People have always said that those who cry out "the End is near!" are
crazy. How many cartoons have we seen of the nut with the sign board trying
to preach repentance to the mocking crowd? Certain prophets (Ezekiel and
Jeremiah, to name two) were regarded as crazy in their times when they
warned of impending disaster. Well, I have the honor of receiving much the
same criticism when I try to discuss events of the world we live in.
Whenever I cover items in the news, selecting out craziness that seems to
herald the End Times, I get a lot of criticism. Some believers have been
taught all their lives that Christians must be meek and humble and try to
get along with everybody, good or bad. We are supposed to be uncomplaining
sheep just waiting around for our Lord to take us to a better place.
Frankly, I didn't grow up like that. In the Jewish community, people make
their feelings known and there are few pretenses. Israel is a refreshing
place to our pilgrims because they discover people who say what they mean.

At any rate, I am not just trying to please an audience but to teach
Scripture and the plan of God as I understand it. For example, the constant
maligning of Israel and the ridiculous respect shown for Arab dictators,
including Arafat, is the sort of upside-down thinking one would expect as a
sign of the End Times. The Lord Himself warned us, And then shall many be
offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another. And
many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many (Matt. 24:10,11).
His point was that we should not be misled. We are not the children of
darkness, but are all the children of light, and the children of the day .

. . Therefore let us not sleep, as do others; but let us watch and be sober
(I Thess. 5:5,6). That being so, let us consider what is happening in the
world. France has been in the news lately. President Jacques Chirac has
taken a step that has been long-awaited by Holocaust survivors and Jewish
leaders: admitting France's guilt in sending 76,000 Jews to their deaths in
Nazi concentration camps during World War II. French leaders have long
maintained that France wasn't truly responsible for this since it was done
by the Vichy regime, the provisional World War II French government that
collaborated with Germany. But President Chirac, in office only a few
months, has finally exposed this whitewash. A recent New York Times column,
using a report from Paris dated July 16, stated:

     Mr. Chirac said today that on July 16, 1942, French police helped
     to round up some 13,000 Jewish men, women and children. They were
     crammed into the Vel d'Hiv, an indoor cycling stadium, before
     being interned in the Paris suburb of Drancy and then deported to
     death camps.

     Speaking at a memorial to these victims before a small crowd that
     included Jewish leaders as well as some Jewish death camp
     survivors, Mr. Chirac admitted France's collective error.

As welcome as this 50-years-late admission is, France has still not
completely removed the stain of its involvement with Nazi Germany. As
further stated in the article mentioned above:

     Serge Klarsfeld, a French lawyer and renowned Nazi-hunter, said .
     . . [that] the French state confiscated money, property and
     valuables from Jews being deported from France and then failed to
     return these assets or pay reparations to surviving children of
     deportees.

     The families of the deported never got anything back, he said in
     an interview with the newspaper LibÈration. The Fourth Republic
     simply took their property, jewelry and objects. They stole money
     from parents and then did not pay it back to the children.

And not repaying the children was perhaps the least crime that France
committed against the young. A New York Times article dated July 19,
writing about the roundup of the 13,000 Jews mentioned above, reports:

     The Nazis had specifically excluded young children from the
     deportation order, yet the French separated them from their
     parents and transferred them to a camp near Paris. There, 4,000
     babies, toddlers and older children were pushed, dragged or
     carried by French officials into dark cattle cars for shipment to
     Auschwitz. Not one of them survived.

Perhaps it is easy to understand why France would not want to admit to such
horrendous crimes. The article continues:

     Vichy was dismissed as the work of a few senile Fascists. No one
     looked closely at what had happened during the Occupation,
     perhaps because very few intellectuals of any political stripe
     could claim to have had a good war . . . No one stood up to cry
     J'accuse! at high functionaires, as Emile Zola did during the
     Dreyfus affair.

The lessons of history escaped the French. Emile Zola, for whom I am named,
a century ago published a treatise that shamed French officials into
admitting their anti-Semitism. Only decades later, they were again using
their power to betray the Jews.

France still leans toward a police state. One example of this is their
insistence on conducting nuclear tests which endanger the South Pacific
area (and possibly endanger us all). When an outcry was made in the new
European Parliament, President Chirac stated that the resolution could not
be changed. And when the nuclear tests were opposed by the Greenpeace ship
Rainbow Warrior, France sent its Navy against this unarmed vessel and
boarded it, shooting tear gas at civilians.

I have had personal experience with French anti-Semitism and their police
state mentality. Two years ago, a young French policeman, with whom I had a
few words, accused me of spitting on him and I was detained by the Orly
airport police for some two hours while my Israel tour group waited. After
making a lengthy statement through an interpreter to deny that ludicrous
accusation, I was released but ordered to appear in court in the small town
where the airport is located. I had to retain a lawyer to represent me
there! I was exonerated, of course, and the charge was dismissed. On the
face of it, a minister with a grey beard accosting a six-foot-tall young
policeman in such a manner was unbelievable to the judges. Amazingly, my
accuser appealed the case! I was served at my front door in Dallas with
papers from this small town near Paris to reappear! I thought about sending
them a psychiatrist instead of a lawyer. After more legal fees, I was
pronounced innocent a second time.

I literally lost thousands of dollars defending myself for being Jewish. My
attorney pronounced the matter a case of genuine anti- Semitism, since the
tour badge I had been wearing bore Hebrew characters and it seemed to be my
Jewishness that offended the policeman. We will never again visit or spend
one more penny on this nation, where the police have power over everyone:
the courts, their own government, and even visitors doing business with
their country. If you want a travel advisory, avoid this hostile country at
all costs. I have traveled through Russia, a number of Moslem nations, and
Germany on numerous occasions, but in my experience, France is the worst
country to visit.

Speaking of malevolent countries, Iraq is at or near the top of the list.
Iraq, like all other Arab nations, is basically owned by one lunatic. While
Arab governments put on various shows of democracy rubber stamp
parliaments, very dangerous elections they are dictatorships all, certainly
including the new Palestine. Like the French police, Saddam Hussein has
total power over his courts and can dictate set them free (as he did in the
recent case of the two American trespassers) just as easily as he dictates
life or death over his own citizens. (Hussein has largely slaughtered the
Kurds with poison gas and the like.) Israel has 17,000 policeman for its
4.5 million people. You, American taxpayer, have contributed to a force of
20,000 Palestinian police for 1.6 million people. In other words, Americans
have been duped into creating a new Arab police force for a new Arab police
state.

The newspapers are full of our objections to human rights abuses in China,
while we benignly ignore the 200 million people trapped behind the Arab
Curtain. While China utilizes slave labor and certainly mistreats many
people, they cannot begin to match President Assad of Syria, who
slaughtered 20,000 of his own citizens at Hamah when they objected to his
leadership. Our Secretary of State has recently been bowing in the throne
room of this killer in order to give him part of Israel (the Golan
Heights). The Middle Eastern Moslems in turn benignly ignore some 250,000
Moslem deaths in Bosnia because they are too busy with their Israel
bashing.

Meanwhile, the Arabs enjoy suspiciously good press. Geraldine Harris
recently said on CNN's World Report, The West Bank has been weakened by 28
years of Israeli occupation. In reality, what the Israelis brought to the
West Bank (a backward territory that was primitive even by Arab standards)
was clean water, public health, public schools, universities, safety, and
an average life span extension from 42 to 67. Notice, too, the total
blackout of the trial of Sheik Rahman and the gang that bombed the World
Trade Center. While you are being informed about Susan Smith (two dead,
zero injured) and totally educated on O.J. Simpson (two dead, zero
injured), you hear hardly a breath about the largest foreign terrorist
event in American history (six dead, one thousand injured). Our Arab
masters must be served. Arabs produce oil. Oil makes gasoline, plastics,
paint, and a thousand other popular products used daily in America. The
folks who make those buy lots of TV time and lots of newspaper advertising
space. Get the picture?

And so the newspapers, television stations, and even our own leaders kowtow
to the desires of these dictators and call for Israeli compliance to the
peace process, which is ultimately designed to bring about the annihilation
of the State of Israel. Satan seeks to establish the conditions that will
usher in the Antichrist, who will lead the ultimate police state, where
people cannot buy or sell or even live unless they deny God. The End Times
are coming. We can read about them every day, if we have the discernment
that God provides.

Forgive me if I tell the truth as I see it. Sometimes the truth about our
world and about ourselves hurts, but as our Lord also observed, the truth
shall make you free (John 8:32). Let us continue in His Word so that we can
be free of the world's (and the media's) deception.

Write for Zola'a Newsletter, Send Mail to:
Zola Levitt Ministries
Box 12268
Dallas, TX  75225

For speaking engagements, write to the address above or send a FAX  to:
214-669-8640

Tell them that you read it in Prophe-Zine.

*********************************
Laughing Revivals
By David W. Cloud

Last year we began reporting on the so-called revivals being conducted by
South African charismatic evangelist Rodney Howard-Browne. The August 1993,
issue of Charisma contained an article entitled "Laughter in Lakeland,"
which described Howard-Browne's May 1993, meetings at Assemblies of
God-associated Carpenter's Home Church in Lakeland, Florida.

     "Most people who attended the unusual series of meetings in
     Lakeland, Fla., laughed uncontrollably while the South African
     preacher told stories about modern-day miracles. ... The
     infectious laughter, he said, was a sign of the Holy Spirit's
     presence. ... It wasn't long before a few folks were rolling in
     the aisles--literally. ... Most of them, when asked to testify,
     bowed over in laughter and couldn't say a word. ... A Hispanic
     pastor from Tampa, after he approached the microphone, began
     laughing so hard he fell on the floor. He was still lying there
     when the morning session ended at 2:30 p.m. Falling on the floor
     was a common occurrence that afternoon. More than a thousand
     people formed a line in the church's expansive circular lobby so
     that Howard-Browne could touch them and impart a dose of
     Pentecostal joy. Few were left standing after the evangelist
     passed by.

     "Thousands more people arrived for an evening service, nearly
     filling the main floor of the 10,000-seat facility. ... As in the
     morning session, the audience laughed so loud during
     Howard-Browne's sermon that he finally put down his Bible and
     joined in the fun.

     "Dale Brooks, an Assemblies of God minister from Tampa who
     canceled his own worship services so his parishioners could
     attend the meetings, told the Tampa Tribune that he hoped folks
     wouldn't find fault with the Lakeland experience. He said he
     tells people, `Don't fight it. Enjoy it. Walk in it. Don't try to
     figure it out.'"

This laughing phenomenon is occurring worldwide in radical charismatic
circles. The February 1993, issue of Kenneth Copeland's paper, Believer's
Voice of Victory, contained a report on a laughing revival which occurred
in Bournemouth, England:

     "What began as a humorous chuckle, soon overcame Bro. Copeland.
     As he laughed and laughed trying to regain composure, waves of
     joy and laughter washed over him and the congregation. Lasting
     half an hour, the spirit of laughter ministered deeply to the
     people who had come from 43 nations, including Great Britain."

The June 1994, issue of Charisma contained an article describing the so-
called "holy laughter" which has infected a charismatic church in
Massachusetts:

In cold New England ... it isn't typical to find a church where worshipers
break out in raucous laughter during Sunday services. But that's exactly
what's been happening at the Christian Teaching and Worship Center (CTWC)
in the Boston suburb of Woburn, Mass., since last November.

     "Mona Johnian, who has pastored the 450-member church with her
     husband, Paul, since 1982 ... believes a fresh manifestation of
     the Holy Spirit began to sweep through the congregation after she
     and her husband attended revival meetings in Jekyll Island, Ga.,
     last November. The meetings were led by South African evangelist
     Rodney Howard-Browne ... We've seen healings, deliverance,
     salvation, baptisms in the Holy Spirit and evangelism. ...

     "The Johnians weren't ready to embrace the experience when they
     first saw pastors laughing uncontrollably after a banquet at the
     Georgia conference. ... What finally got her attention, she said,
     was seeing how her own pastor, Bill Ligon of Burnswick, Ga.,
     responded to Howard-Browne's message. `Bill is the epitome of
     dignity, a man totally under control,' she said. When the
     evangelist laid his hands on Ligon, the pastor `fell on the
     stage' as if overcome by the Holy Spirit's power. ... `I thought,
     there's something to this--the Spirit had to be in control,' Mona
     reflected. ... she decided to embrace it, too. `I knew that if
     this was of God and I didn't enter in, our church would dry up,'
     she said."

These experiences are being multiplied around the world. In a videoentitled
The Laugh Heard 'round the World, Ken and Nancy Curtis of Carpenter's Home
Church record this strange phenomenon occurring in meetings they have
conducted in East Europe, Africa, and Asia. The Curtises claim this
laughter is the joy of the Holy Spirit. The video depicts people being
"slain with the Spirit" and falling on the floor where they writhe in
uncontrollable laughter. When many of those so overcome attempt to speak,
they are unable to do so. The people line up, and the Curtises move down
the lines and touch them on the foreheads or throw their arms at them and
shout, "Receive the Spirit, Receive the Spirit, Receive the Spirit..." When
the people have fallen to the floor, the Curtises move among them and touch
many of them on their bellies. The common response is an increase in the
laughter.

The Curtises are sent out from the Carpenter's Home Church to minister the
laughing revivals worldwide. Advertising copy on the video cover says,
"When South African Evangelist Rodney Howard-Browne came to Carpenters Home
Church in Lakeland, Florida, for a Revival in March, 1993, he imparted the
anointing for other believers to be able to spread the joy of the Holy
Spirit. Soon after, Ken & Nancy Curtis became the first missionaries sent
out from that church to take the Holy Spirit's joy around the world!"

LAUGHTER AND SPIRITUAL WARFARE

Uncontrollable laughter is not only popping up in charismatic meetings, it
is being embraced as a weapon in spiritual warfare. Ken and Nancy Curtis of
Carpenter's Home Church call their outreach Spiritual Warfare Ministries
"which is focused on restoration of health to both the soul and body." By
the way, the Curtises introduced themselves on the video as "elders" in the
Carpenter's Home Church. Nancy Curtis is an elder.

An article in the August 1993, issue of Charisma was condensed from a book
by Cindy Jacobs, Possessing the Gates of the Enemy. Jacobs is the president
of Generals of Intercession. In the article, entitled "Tearing Down Strong
Holds Through Praise," Jacobs made these comments about the supposed power
of laughter in warring against the devil:

     "The weapon of laughter is extremely powerful and even necessary
     as an intercessory manifestation. As intercessors, we often hear
     many serious problems and needs during a day that can wear us
     down. But laughter is an important safeguard against heaviness in
     intercession. As Proverbs 15:13 says, `A merry heart makes a
     cheerful countenance, but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is
     broken.'

     "What does laughter have to do with intercessory praise? It
     breaks Satan's power to depress you and oppress you in the midst
     of battle. ...

     "Laughter also can be a form of direct warfare against Satan and
     his forces because it mocks the enemy. Psalm 37:12-13 says: `The
     wicked plots against the just, and gnashes at him with his teeth.
     The Lord laughs at him, for He sees that his day is coming.'"

Some might be thinking, Well, it sounds reasonable enough to me; the Bible
does say that a merry heart doeth good like a medicine, and the fruit of
the Spirit is joy.

True enough. The joy of the Lord IS our strength. The problem is that this
charismatic laughter is a perversion of what the Bible says about revival
and spiritual warfare.

1. THE CONFUSION PROVES IT IS ERROR. In watching the video of the laughing
revivals, I was struck with the confusion which characterizes these
meetings. This is not of God. When we attempt to point out error such as
this, there is the protest that we should not attempt to put the Holy
Spirit in a box. "Who are we to say how the Holy Spirit will act?" My
friends, the Bible has already told us how the Holy Spirit will act! He
will NOT act contrary to the Word of God He has inspired. The Christian is
instructed to "prove all things" (1 Thess. 5:21). We must take the Bible
and test every spirit and every teaching and every teacher and every
religious phenomenon. The Corinthians were reveling in supposed spiritual
gifts and experiences, but the Apostle Paul had to rebuke them for their
error. One thing he plainly said was that "God is not the author of
confusion, but of peace, as in all churches of the saints" (1 Cor. 14:33).
Note that the Apostle tells us that God is going to act the same in ALL
CHURCHES OF THE SAINTS. He will act the same in North America and in Africa
and in Asia and in Europe. Paul warned the church of Corinth that the
confusion which was manifest in their meetings was driving visitors away
from the Lord. "If therefore the whole church be come together into one
place, and all speak with tongues, and there come in those that are
unlearned, or unbelievers, WILL THEY NOT SAY THAT YE ARE MAD?" (1 Cor.
14:23). This is exactly what I thought as I watched the video of the
laughing revivals. THESE PEOPLE ARE MAD!

2. THE REJECTION OF BIBLICAL ORDER PROVES IT IS ERROR. It is not surprising
that many of those who are involved in "ministering the joy" are women who
have usurped positions of authority over men. The Bible sternly forbids
this. The Apostle Paul instructed, "But I suffer not a woman to teach, nor
to usurp authority over the man, but to be in silence. For Adam was first
formed, then Eve. And Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived
was in the transgression" (1 Timothy 2:12-14). That which the Apostle
refused, most charismatics allow. This is not of God. God would not forbid
women to teach men and to take positions of authority over men, then call
women to do exactly that! It is confusion and gross error.

3. THE LACK OF CONTROL PROVES IT IS ERROR. The laughing revivals are
characterized by lack of control on the part of those who "receive the
joy." The opening scene in The Laugh Heard 'round the World shows Pastor
Karl Strader of Carpenter's Home Church laughing uncontrollably. He tries
to speak but is unable to do so. Finally he falls limply into the arms of
"the catchers" who are standing behind him. Contrast this with the
instructions given by the Apostle Paul pertaining to the ministry of
spiritual gifts: "And the spirits of the prophets are subject to the
prophets. For God is not the author of confusion, but of peace, as in all
churches of the saints" (1 Cor. 14:32-33). The Holy Spirit's ministry does
not overthrow the person's control of himself. For a person to be rendered
unconscious, or to lose control of his tongue, or of his limbs, is evidence
of the ministration of foreign spirits, not of the Holy Spirit.

4. THE LACK OF DECENCY PROVES IT IS ERROR. Paul instructed, "Let all things
be done decently and in order" (1 Cor. 14:40). This is exactly what the
laughing revivals ARE NOT. They are not orderly, and they are not decent.
Most of the video footage of the laughing meetings depicted WOMEN lying on
the floor. Often they had items of clothing thrown over the lower portions
of their bodies BECAUSE THEY WERE NOT DECENT. The Holy Spirit has
instructed women to be modest and chaste at all times. He would never do
something to women to render them indecent. Further, for men to move around
in this type of scene and touch the bellies of these women IS NOT DECENT.

5. THE FACT THAT IT IS CONTRARY TO THE BIBLICAL PATTERN PROVES IT IS ERROR.
Where in the Scriptures do we see anything like a laughing revival? Where
do we see the prophets of old rolling around in fits of laughter? Where do
we see Jesus Christ "ministering laughter" to the multitudes? Where do we
see the Apostles tossing the Holy Spirit upon people and touching the
bellies of their church members to encourage more "holy" giggles? Where do
we see the Apostles chuckling in the face of demonic oppression? It is
unscriptural nonsense, folks. The ones who are deceived by it are those who
reject the plain teaching of the Word of God and who open themselves up to
foreign spirits.

6. THE DOCTRINAL CARELESSNESS PROVES IT IS ERROR. The Bible says the Holy
Spirit is the SPIRIT OF TRUTH (John 14:17; 15:26; 16:13), but the fruit of
the charismatic laughter is not truth but doctrinal error. The spirit of
the charismatic laughing revival is utterly unconcerned about doctrinal
error. He pours himself upon Catholics and modernists alike without
imparting to them a love for the truth and a repentance toward apostasy.

[Way of Life Literature, 1219 N. Harns Rd., Oak Harbor, WA 98277
Phone--(360) 675-8311

[The following material is from O Timothy magazine, Volume 11, Issue 7,
1994. Permission is given to duplicate this material for free distribution,
but not for resale. All rights are reserved by the author. O Timothy is a
monthly magazine. Annual subscription is US$20 FOR THE UNITED STATES. Send
to Way of Life Literature, Bible Baptist Church, 1219 N. Harns Road, Oak
Harbor, Washington 98277. FOR CANADA the subscription is $20 Canadian. Send
to Bethel Baptist Church, P.O. Box 9075, London, Ontario N6E 1V0.]

*********************************
"Fulfilled Prophecy as an Apologetic"
By: The Christian Research Journal

    Perhaps the most significant question posed to believers in our
"post-Christian" culture revolves around the inspiration of Scripture. Is
the Bible in fact divinely inspired or merely human in origin?

    Oftentimes when quoting Scripture in witnessing situations, I've been
challenged with the words: "Who says the Bible is true or accurate in the
first place?" Although this objection often strikes terror in the heart of
the average Christian, it is not really as difficult to deal with as one
might think. I have found fulfilled prophecy to be an extremely effective
resource in responding to this challenge. The prophetic evidences for the
Bible's trustworthiness are so overwhelming that anyone with a truly open
mind will be compelled to consider the Bible's central message: redemption
in Jesus Christ.

    Begin by pointing out that the Bible contains almost 500 specific
prophecies concerning the birth, life, death, and resurrection of Jesus
Christ -- some of which were made well over two thousand years prior to His
birth.

    For example, it was not only prophesied that Christ would be a
descendant of Abraham (Gen. 12:1-3), but that He would be from the tribe of
Judah (Gen. 49:10) and the house of David (Ps. 110:1); that He would be
born in Bethlehem (Mic. 5:2), born of a virgin (Isa. 7:14), betrayed for
thirty pieces of silver (Zech. 11:12f.), and also that His hands and feet
would be pierced (Ps. 22:16). It is noteworthy that this last prediction
was made long before crucifixion was invented as a form of capital
punishment by the Persians and a thousand years before it was made common
by the Romans.

    It was also prophesied that Christ would be crucified with
transgressors (Isa. 53:9,12); that none of His bones would be broken (Ex.
12:46; Ps. 34:20); and that He would cry out from the cross, "My God, My
God, why hast Thou forsaken me?" (Ps. 22:1). Moreover, Christ's
resurrection (Ps. 16:8-11), His ascension (Ps. 68:18), and hundreds of
other details were predicted in minute detail. These prophecies do not deal
with vague generalities (as is so often the case with modern-day "prophets"
and psychics); they are specific and verifiable. Each was literally
fulfilled _down to the smallest detail_ in the person of Jesus Christ.

    In addition to Messianic prophecies, the Bible contains nearly 2,000
prophecies concerning almost every nation within a thousand miles of
Jerusalem. I strongly suggest researching and internalizing some of these
prophecies for use in witnessing situations. As an illustration let me
detail the prophecy about the city of Tyre in Ezekiel 26 and its
fulfillment.

    Tyre was no small, obscure village. It was a great Phoenician city and
a world capital for over 2,000 years. It was to the sea what mighty Babylon
was to the land. Yet, in the heyday of its power, the prophet Ezekiel had
the audacity to predict for it a violent future and ultimate destruction.
This downfall would be due to Tyre's flagrant wickedness and arrogance,
traits that were personified in its ruler, Ittobal II, who claimed to be
God.

    Ezekiel predicted that many nations would come up against Tyre (Ezek.
26:3); that Babylon under Nebuchadnezzar would be the first to attack it
(v. 7); that Tyre's walls and towers would be broken down (vv. 4,9); that
the stones, timbers, and debris of that great city would be thrown into the
sea (v. 12); that its location would become a bare rock and a place for the
drying of fishermens' nets (vv. 4-5,14); and finally, that the city of Tyre
would never be rebuilt (v. 14).

    History bears eloquent testimony to the fact that all this is
_precisely_ what happened. Many nations did come up against Tyre -- the
Babylonians, the Greeks, the Romans, the Muslims, and the Crusaders, to
name a few. And Nebuchadnezzar was indeed the first of these invaders, who
-- after a thirteen year siege -- broke down the walls and towers of
mainland Tyre, thus fulfilling the first of Ezekiel's prophecies.
Nebuchadnezzar massacred all of Tyre's inhabitants except for those who
escaped to an island fortress a half mile out in the Mediterranean Sea.

    Centuries after Ezekiel's body had decomposed in his grave, Alexander
the Great fulfilled a major portion of the prophecy. In order to conquer
the island fortress of Tyre (without the luxury of a navy), he and his
celebrated architect Diades devised one of the most brilliant engineering
feats of ancient warfare. They built a causeway from Tyre's mainland to the
island fortress, using the millions of cubic feet of rubble left over on
mainland Tyre. Thus Tyre was scraped bare as a rock, just as Ezekiel
predicted.

    The most astonishing of Ezekiel's predictions was that Tyre would never
be rebuilt. This is singularly incredible because Tyre is strategically
located on the east coast of the Mediterranean Sea. It also contains the
Springs of Reselain, which pump ten million gallons of fresh water daily --
enough to take care of the needs of a modern city. Yet, history records
that after a succession of invasions, Tyre finally and irrevocably fell in
A.D. 1291 -- never to be rebuilt again. Today Tyre has been humbled to the
point of becoming a place for the drying of fishermens' nets -- just as
Ezekiel prophesied two-and-one-half millennia ago.

    This prophecy of Tyre is but one among many examples of meticulously
detailed and fulfilled prophecies, any one of which is sufficient to
demonstrate the truth and accuracy of Scripture. "I have spoken," says the
Lord of Hosts. The Scripture cannot be broken (John 10:35).

    If it can be shown that the Bible really is the Word of God, then a
host of other objections can be answered by simply referring to Scripture
itself. Having demonstrated the _trustworthiness_ of God's Word, you can
then proceed to share its _central message:_ redemption in Jesus Christ.
Remember, our goal is not to demonstrate that we are intellectually
superior, but rather to use our answers as springboards or opportunities
for communicating the gospel.

(an article from the Witnessing Tips column of the Christian Research
Journal, Fall
1989, Volume 12, Number 2, page 7) by Hank Hanegraaff.
The Editor-in-Chief of the Christian Research Journal is Elliot Miller.

-------------

End of document, CRJ0030A.TXT (original CRI file name),
"Fulfilled Prophecy as an Apologetic" release A, February 7, 1994R. Poll, CRI

(A special note of thanks to Bob and Pat Hunter for their help in the
preparation of this ASCII file for BBS circulation.)
----------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright 1994 by the Christian Research Institute.
----------------------------------------------------------------
COPYRIGHT/REPRODUCTION LIMITATIONS:
This data file is the sole property of the Christian Research Institute.
It may not be altered or edited in any way.  It may be reproduced only in
its entirety for circulation as "freeware," without charge.  All
reproductions of this data file must contain the copyright notice (i.e.,
"Copyright 1994 by the Christian Research Institute").  This data file may
not be used without the permission of the Christian Research Institute for
resale or the enhancement of any other product sold.  This includes all of
its content with the exception of a few brief quotations not to exceed more
than 500 words.

If you desire to reproduce less than 500 words of this data file for resale
or the enhancement of any other product for resale, please give the
following source credit:  Copyright 1994 by the Christian Research
Institute, P.O. Box 500-TC, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92693.
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The Christian Research Journal is published quarterly by the Christian
Research Institute (CRI) -- founded in 1960 by the late Dr. Walter R.
Martin.  While CRI is concerned with and involved in the general defense of
the faith, our area of research specialization is limited to elements
within the modern religious scene that compete with, assault, or undermine
biblical Christianity.  These include cults (that is, groups which deny
essential Christian doctrines such as the deity of Christ and the Trinity);
the occult, much of which has become focused in the contemporary New Age
movement; the major world religions; and aberrant Christian teachings (that
is, teachings which compromise or confuse essential biblical truth).

Regular features of the Journal include "Newswatch," witnessing tips and
book reviews.

YOURS FOR THE ASKING

Did you know that CRI has a wealth of information on various topics that is
yours for the asking?  In fact, a free subscription to the Christian
Research Newsletter is yours if you contact CRI and ask for one saying that
you found out about the offer from this computer text file.  We offer a
wide variety of articles and fact sheets free of charge.  Write us today
for information on these or other topics.  Our first-rate research staff
will do everything possible to help you.

Christian Research Institute
P.O. Box 500-TC
San Juan Capistrano, CA  92693

(714) 855-9926

*********************************

The Fed And The New World Order
By Rob Smith (MrnMrsRob@aol.com)

The New World Order

Justice Felix Frankfurter, a U.S. Supreme Court Justice, had this to say:
"The real rulers in Washington are invisible and exercise power from behind
the scenes."

John F. Hylan, Mayor of New York (1918-1925) said: "The real menace of our
Republic is the invisible government which, like a giant octopus, sprawls
its slimy legs over our cities, states and nation."

What were these men talking about? They were talking about the formation of
the New World Order (NWO). Many of you have heard this term, especially
from the lips of George Bush. On February 1, 1992, Bush stated:

My vision of a New World Order foresees a U.N. with a revitalized
peacekeeping function. It is the sacred principles enshrine in the U.N.
charter to which we henceforth pledge our allegiance.

The New World Order means global government - one government ruled by the
United Nations. It means one banking system - the Federal  Reserve. It
means one religion shall be foisted upon Americans. It means the end of the
U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights. It means socialism John E.
Rankin, U.S. Congressman stated: "The United Nations is the greatest fraud
in history. It's purpose is to destroy the United States."

According to the U.N. World Constitution:

The age of nations must end. The government of the nations have decided to
order their separate sovereignties into one government to which they will
surrender their arms.

Zbigniew Brzeninski, National Security Advisor to Carter and four other
presidents, Executive Director of the Trilateral Commission speaks of the
New World Order):

The technotronic era involves the gradual appearance of a more controlled
society. Such a society would be dominated by an elite, unrestrained by
traditional values.

Peter Hoagland, Nebraska State Senator on radio in 1983:

Fundamental, Bible-believing people do not have the right to indoctrinate
their children in their religious beliefs because we, the state, are
preparing them for the year 2000, when America will be part of a one-world
order society and their children will not fit in.

The late Carroll Quigley (Bill Clinton's mentor), Professor of History at
GeorgeTown University, member of the CFR), stated in his book, Tragedy &
Hope:

The CFR is the American Branch of a society which originated in England and
believes national boundaries should be obliterated and one-world rule
established.

In other words, the CFR's activities are treasonous to our U.S. Constitu-
tion. They mean to put an end to the United States of America and make our
nation part of their global government scheme. One only has to read their
own publication, Foreign Affairs, to get a first hand lesson in their
treachery.

Rowan Gaither, President of the Ford Foundation in 1954:

We operate here under directives which emanate from the White House....The
substance of the directives under which we operate is that we shall use our
grant making power to alter life in the U.S. so that we can comfortably be
merged with the Soviet Union.

James Paul Warburg, foreign agent of the Rothschild Dynasty, major player
in the Federal Reserve Act scam, boasted confidently on February 17, 1950
before the U.S. Senate:

We shall have World government, whether or not we like it. The only
question is whether World government will be achieved by conquest or
consent.

In order to implement these plans financed by revenues stolen from the
American people via the IRS and the Fed, there are other organizations
besides the CFR that represent a clear and urgent danger to carrying out
this one world government, banking and monetary system, and uniform code of
religion.

In 1848, Karl Marx stated: "Free trade breaks up old nationalities...in a
word, the free trade system hastens social revolution [socialism]."

In 1958, Senator George Malone of Nevada:

The global theory of free trade is siphoning off America's wealth and
bringing her economy to the level of others. The theory is displacing
American workers who otherwise would be employed.

So you see, America, the real truth about what is going on behind your back
does not even resemble the pablum being spoon-fed to you by the
CFR-controlled establishment media.

THE UNITED NATIONS

On September 24, 1993, commentator Paul Harvey, during his daily dose of
common sense and intellectual opinions, laid out the real truth about the
group of communist thugs who rule and control the United Nations. Mr.
Harvey pulled no punches about exposing the candy-coated myth of the United
Nations.

One would think by listening to all the propaganda about the United Nations
that they are some sort of benevolent, peaceful organization. Never in the
history of the United Nations has it stood for anything but killing and
violence. They have never kept peace anywhere on this globe. Their sole
function is to replace the U.S. Military - dissolve all four branches of
our armed forces. Their allegiance is only to the United Nations Charter
which does not recognize the U.S. Constitution. This body is made up almost
exclusively of communists and leaders of the bloodiest regimes on this
globe. Their history and operating agenda is apparent to anyone who takes
the time to sincerely and with an open mind, research the facts of this
organization, separating truth from myth. Bilderberger participants (an-
other group committed to one-world domination) in 1992 called for "con-
ditioning the public to accept the idea of a U.N. army that could, by
force, impose its will on the internal affairs of any nation."

Mikhail Gorbachev stated to the Politiburo in November of 1987:

Gentlemen, Comrades, do not be concerned about all you hear about glasnost
and perestroika and democracy in the coming years. These are primarily for
outward consumption. there will be no significant internal change within
the Soviet Union, other than for cosmetic purposes. Our purpose is to
disarm the Americans and let them fall asleep.

Norman Thomas, for many years the U.S. Socialist Presidential candidate,
proclaimed: "The American people will never knowingly adopt socialism. But,
under thename of 'liberalism', they will adopt every fragment of the
socialist program, until one day America will be a socialist nation,
without knowing how it happened."

In 1958, Cleon Skoussen, former FBI agent, revealed in his book, The Naked
communist, the long-term goals of the communist agenda. This  information
is also contained not only in the Congressional Record (August, 1963), but
also in the communist Manifesto itself. For the sake of brevity, only a few
of those goals are listed here:

1. U.S> acceptance of coexistence as the only alternative to atomic war.

2. Develop the illusion that total disarmament by the U.S. would be a
demonstration of moral strength.

3. Permit free trade between all nations regardless of communist
affiliation and regardless of whether or not items would be used for war.

4. Provide American aid to all nations regardless of communist domination.

5. Set up East and West Germany as separate states in spite of Khruschev's
promise in 1955 to settle the German questions by free elections under
supervision of the United Nations.

6. Allow all Soviet satellites individual representation in the United Nations.

7. Promote the United Nations as the only hope for mankind. If its charter
is rewritten, demand that it be set as a one-world government with its won
independent armed forces.

8. Resist any attempt to outlaw the Communist Party.

9. Do away with all loyalty oaths.

10. Capture one or both of the political parties of the U.S>

11. Use technical decisions of the courts to weaken basic American
institutions by claiming their activities violate civil rights.

12. Get control of the schools. Use them as transmission belts for
socialism and current communist propaganda. Get control of the teachers
associations.

13. Gain control of all student newspapers.

14. Infiltrate the press. Get control of book review assignments, editorial
writing, policy-making positions.

15. Gain control of key positions in radio, TV and motion pictures.

16. Eliminate all laws governing obscenity by calling them censorship and a
violation of free speech and free press.

17. Break down cultural standards of morality by promoting pornography and
obscenity in books, magazines, motion pictures and TV.

18. Present homosexuality, degeneracy and promiscuity as normal, natural
and healthy.

19. Infiltrate the churches and replace revealed religion with social
religion. Discredit the Bible and emphasize the need for intellectual
maturity which does not need a religious crutch.

20. Eliminate prayer or any phase of religious expression in the schools on
the ground that it violates the principles of separation of church and
state.

21. Discredit the American Constitution by calling it inadequate,
old-fashioned, out of step with modern needs, a hindrance to cooperation
between nations on a worldwide basis.

22. Belittle all forms of American culture and discourage the teaching of
American history on the ground that it was only a minor part in the big
picture.

23. Eliminate all laws or procedures which interfere with the operation of
the communist apparatus.

24. Eliminate the House committee on Un-American Activities.

25. Discredit the family as an institution. Encourage promiscuity and easy
divorce.

26. Emphasize the need to raise children away from the negative influence
of parents.

27. Create the impression that violence and insurrection are legitimate
aspects of the American tradition; that students and special-interest
groups should rise up and use united force to solve economic, political and
social problems.

Each American can evaluate individually just how far these goals have been
achieved since this information was revealed in 1958. As a matter of fact,
another mechanism currently being pushed by the NWO people is to convene a
constitutional Convention (Con-Con). At this meeting, the U.S. Constitution
is to be nullified, the Republic of the United States abolished and We the
People will then go under the authority of the United Nations Charter and
the One World Order. Currently, thousandsof dedicated Americans are making
enormous sacrifices to stop this move.

The fraudulent excuse for a Con-Con is a balanced budget amendment. The
last con-Con was in 1787. We the People have passed the amendments to our
Constitution for 207 years without a Constitutional convention. Why, all of
a sudden, do we need to convene one to pass a new amendment?  We do not!
Look out America -- The New World Order godfathers are going to destroy the
United States Consitution and replace it with the already completed New
States Constitution, courtesy of David Rockefeller --- godfather of the
NWO.

Walt Rostow, CFR member and United Nations spokesman stated:

It is in the American interest to put an end to Nationhood. That is the
goal in global government. America must get out of the United Nations or
our sovereign Republic will not survive.

THE COUNCIL ON FOREIGN RELATIONS

The next entity which represents a clear threat and danger to our freedom
is the Council on Foreign Relations. We commented on this earlier in this
booklet. The CFR has almost total control over the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve Banking System.

Barry Goldwater states in his book, With No Apologies, on page 231:

Does it not seem strange to you that these men just happened to be CFR and
just happened to be on the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, that
absolutely controls the money and interest rates of this great country
without benefit of congress? A privately owned organization, the Federal
Reserve which has absolutely nothing to do with the United States of
America!

Most Americans have no real understanding of the operation of the
international moneylenders. the bankers want it that way. We recognize in a
hazy sort of way that the Rothchilds and the Warburgs of Europe and the
House of J.P. Morgan, Kuhn, Loeb and company, Schiff, Lehman, and
Rockefeller posses and control vast wealth. How they acquired their vast
financial power and employ it is a mystery to most of us. International
bankers make money by extending credit to governments. the greater the
debt of the political state, the larger the interest returned to the
lenders. The national banks of Europe are actually owned and controlled by
these private interests.

The CFR is one of the stepping stones to global government. This organi-
zation is the American branch of a society which originated in England and
believes national boundaries would be obliterated and one-rule established.

Rear Admiral Chester Ward, a former member of the CFR for 16 years warned
the American people of the organization's intentions:

The most powerful clique in these elitist groups have one objec- tive in
common -- they want to bring about the surrender of the sovereignty of the
national independence of the United States. A second clique of
international members in the CFR comprises the Wall Street international
bankers and their key agents. Primarily, they want the world banking
monopoly from whatever power ends up in the control of global government.

Dan Smoot, a former member of the FBI Headquarters staff in Washington,
D.C., summarized the organizaton's purpose as follows:

The ultimate aim of the CFR (Council on Foreign Relations) is to create a
one-world socialist system and make the U.S. an official part of it.

Congressman John R. Rarick warns:

The CFR, dedicated to one-world government, financed by a  number of the
largest tax-exempt foundations, and wielding such power and influence over
our lives in the areas of finance,
business, labor, military, education and mass communication- media, should
be familiar to every American concerned with good  government and with
preserving and defending the U.S> Consti-
tution and our free-enterprise system. Yet, the nation's right-to- know
machinery, the news media, usually so aggressive in exposures to inform our
people, remain conspicuously silent when it comes to the CFR, its members
and their activities. The CFR is the establishment. Not only does it have
influence and
power in key decision-making positions at the highest levels of government
to apply pressure from above, but it also finances and uses individuals and
groups to bring pressure from below, to justify the high level decisions
for converting the US from a sovereign Constitutional Republic into a
servile member of a one-world dictatorship.

THE TRILATERAL ANGLE

The twin monster to the Council of Foreign Relations is the Trilateral
Commission. The Trilateral Commission's roots stem from the book Between
Two Ages, written by Zbigniew Brzezinski in 1970.

Barry Goldwater said,

"The Trilateral Commission is international and is intended to be the
vehicle for multinational consolidation of the commercial and banking
interests by seizing control of the political government of the United
States. the Trilateral Commission represents a skillful, coordinated effort
to seize control and consolidate the four centers of power -- political,
monetary, intellectual and ecclesiastical."

Who are these people trying to promote world government by encouraging
economic interdependence among the superpowers? We can't list them all
here, but the list are included in the information packet described on the
inside back cover of this booklet. Everyone needs to order this packet.
Armed with the facts and documentation, members of Congress aren't going to
be able to fool We the People much longer.

THE BILDERBERGERS

What is a "Bilderberger"? Individuals. they are some of the wealthiest and
most power hungry individuals from around the glove who lust for power by
creating a New World Order for the rest of us.

In 1991, some of the Bilderberger participants from the United States were:
Paul Allaire, chairman of Xerox Corporation, Dwayne Andreas, chairman of
Archer, Daniels & Midland Corporation, John Chafee, U.S. Senator from Rhode
Island, Richard Furland, Director of Bristol Meyers-Squibb, Karen Elliot
House, International Vice President of Dow-Jones, Inc., Henry Kissinger,
Former Secretary of State under Richard Nixon, David Rockefeller, Jack
Skeinkman, President of the AFL-CIO, and Lynn Williams, President of the
United Steelworkers of America.

If these individuals represent you in any organization, it is strongly
urged that you find out the truth about their Bilderberger meetings. The
meetings are held in iron-fisted secrecy, with armed guards carrying
sophisticated assault weapons. No one conducting honest and forthright
business should need the aforementioned scenario to keep the world out.

WHAT IT ALL MEANS

Let us summarize the situation we have been describing:

* Starting with Jimmy Carter, all past presidents including President
Clinton, have promptly filled their administrations with members of the
Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission;

* The Council on Foreign Relations was conceived by a Marxist, Edward
Mandell House, for the purpose of creating a One World Government by
destroying the freedom and independence of all nations, especially
including our own. Its Chairman of the Board is David Rockefeller, and its
members have immense control over our government and much of American life;

* The Trilateral Commission was conceived by Zbigniew Brzezinski, who
praise Marxism, who think the United States is obsolete, and who also wants
to create a one-world government. Its founder and driving force is also
David Rockefeller. And it, too, exercises extraordinary control over the
government of the United States.

* The effect of the CFR and the Trilateral Commission on the affairs of our
nation is easy to see. Our own government no longer acts in its own
interest, but is the best money can buy. We constantly tie ourselves to
international agreement, pacts and conventions. these two organizations are
designed to bring an end to our free republic. Our leaders have developed
blatant preferences for communist Russia (aka the Soviet Union, aka the
Commonwealth) and communist China, while they continue to work for world
government, which has always been the goal of communism.

* In order to fund these grandiose global plans, the personal Federal
income tax, collected by the IRS was created in conjunction with the
Federal Reserve Act of 1913 to provide the architects of the NWO with
billions and billions of dollars earned with the sweat of Americans.

* Did you know that in 1972, President Richard Nixon executed Executive
Order # 11647 that redivided the 50 states into 10 new regions, with
appointments instead of elected officials over each region?

* When you hear the insiders say, "W did this to ourselves, now we have to
make all these sacrifices to correct it..."you know this statement is a
lie. We the People did not do this to ourselves. We were never told the
truth about the Federal Reserve Act of 1913, how it came into being, and
that the 16th Amendment was never legally ratified. We did not do this to
ourselves but We the People have the power to stop it.

The domestic policies of administrations over the past fifty years could
hardly be worse. But the domestic policies of our government also fit into
the scheme to weaken the United States and destroy the freedom of our
people. Government caused inflation continues to weaken our currency and
destroy the economy of our nation. Federal controls continue to hamstring
America's productive might.

The real goal of our own government's leaders is to make the United States
into a carbon copy of a communist state, and then to merge all nations into
a one-world system run by a powerful few --- funded by the privately owned
Federal Reserve Banks. When We the People are informed of the reasons for
this global government, the pieces fall together and things being to make
sense.

How would a one-world global government affect you as an individual in this
country? Do you think that such a development will be beneficial to the
world or agreeable to yourself? Let us list four certain consequences of
world government:

* One: Rather than improve the standard of living for other nations, world
government will mean a forced redistribution of all wealth and a sharp
reduction in the standard of living for Americans. Henry Kissinger stated
recently that NAFTA was the "most creative step towards the New World
Order."

* Two: Strict regimentation will become commonplace. There will no longer
be any freedom of movement, freedom of worship, private property rights,
free speech, or the right to publish.

* Three: World government will mean that this once glorious land of
opportunity will become another socialistic nightmare where no amount of
effort will produce just reward.

* Four: World order will be enforced by agents of the world Government in
the same way that agents of the Kremlin used to enforce their rule
throughout the former Soviet Union.

Rob Smith
MrnMrsRob@aol.com

*********************************

THE STILL BEFORE THE STORM
by James Norman
This is the entire text of the James Norman article for the December 1995
issue of Media Bypass magazine.

  	By all appearances, things are business as usual in Washington. There is
the traditional budget bickering this time of  the year, the partisan
sniping and the backstabbing among  Republican presidential hopefuls
angling for pole position next  year. Meanwhile, President Clinton and his
ambitious wife  manage to hold a comfortable approval rating in the polls,
enjoy  favorable press and seemingly have managed to shrug off  persistent
"Whitewater" allegations that have dogged his  presidency.

	But don't be lulled by the mainstream media, which has been hard at work
pooh-poohing these corruption charges and doubts about the official
"suicide" of former White House Deputy Counsel Vincent W. Foster. This is
just the eerie still before a storm. A hurricane lurks just over the
horizon.
Thunderheads are gathering and looming darker. Distant lightning can be
seen but not yet heard. Straws are starting to blow in the wind.

	This government may be on the threshold of upheaval unprecedented since
the Civil War. That is the cryptic message coming from multiple
well-connected sources close to the intelligence community, who say big
things are quietly afoot that could fundamentally shuffle this country's
political deck. And that may be just fine with Speaker of the House Newt
Gingrich (R-Ga.), who sources say is quietly maneuvering to use this
impending turmoil not just to "re-engineer government" but to purge both
political parties and effect what amounts to a bloodless coupe d'etat.

	Swept away will be not only a raft of big-name Democratic senators and
congressmen, but also many prominent, oldline Republicans who have been
feeding at the trough of corruption for years. It won't stop with
politicians, either. Prominent Wall Streeters, bureaucrats, military
officers and a slew of intelligence bigshots are also said to be about to
take a fall. Well over 300 names are said to be involved in the scandal.

	"Apocalypse soon!" predicts P.P. Willie.
  	
P.P. Willie is actually a dog. But it is also the pen name for a legendary
World War II military intelligence veteran, now living in St. Petersburg,
Fla., who writes for a semi-weekly newsletter called WASHINGTON REPORT. It
is a pithy, irreverent Capitol gossip sheet with a penchant for pink paper.
But it is read with considerable interest by its 5,000 subscribers - mostly
in Washington and overseas - because Willie is known to be well-connected
within the intelligent community. In the past he has been uncannily
accurate about goings-on in the spook world. And times there now are very
troubled.

	Willie's latest:
  	"Remember reading about TEA POT DOME? How about WATERGATE? Then came
IRAN-CONTRA. Not bad. All the past WASHINGTON political SCANDALS are ITTY
BITTY compared to one that should surface next year, about early spring.

	"You don't suppose a few GOOD GUYS in the CIA, FBI, IRS, and NSA (they are
not many, but they exist) are fed up with tucking their tails and running
in the face of WHITE HOUSE pressure? What if they went public with TRUE
DOCUMENTED stories of ESPIONAGE, MURDER, TAX EVASION, DRUG DEALING,
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS STASHED IN OFFSHORE BANK ACCOUNTS AND OTHER BIG TIME
HANKY PANKY at the very TIP TOP of the WASHINGTON manure pile? The MAJOR
MEDIA would not want to embarrass the LIBERAL DARLINGS. But WHAT IF A
LONDON newspaper and PINK newsletter broke the story? Talk RADIO would then
spread the word across the nation...The odds are this scandal will break.
We hear it's a DONE DEAL."

	Whispers of such a spilling of the beans are being heard from multiple,
separate intelligence sources. Specifically, as reported in the August and
October editions of MEDIA BYPASS, a small, vigilante team of CIA computer
hackers dubbed the Fifth Column has managed to penetrate Swiss and other
foreign banks to quietly withdraw what is now an astounding $2.5 billion in
illicit money from coded accounts they have identified as belonging to
government figures.

	Starting in 1991, this five-man Fifth Column team has been using its own
Cray supercomputer to break into foreign bank computers, download vast
libraries of data and trace this money to a wide range of illegal
activities, from kickbacks on drug and arms deals to insider trading
profits, software piracy and the sale of state secrets. Oh yes, don't
forget tax evasion.

	The money has been moved to a U.S. Treasury holding account at several
Federal Reserve Banks, escrowed for use by the CIA if and only if the CIA
gets rid of its own bad apples. How could the government hide that much
money, denying under Freedom of Information Act requests that it even
exists? Just ask the National Reconnaissance Office, the government's spy
satellite agency, which recently fessed up to having $1.7 billion stashed
in secret accounts.

	More important then the money, however, are the NAMES. Who had these
accounts? Are they still in office? Who has the list and the proof? Are
they using this information to extort political blackmail? Will the bad
guys be able to buy their way out of exposure? One thing is certain:
Whoever controls this phantom roster of corrupt politicians and money men
has this government's private parts in a tightening vise. One man who may
know is Charles S. Hayes, an irascible Kentucky computer salvage dealer and
recently-retired CIA contractor believed to be part of, or closely involved
with, this Fifth Column.

	Hayes, corroborating P.P. Willie's report, does declare that all the names
will come out. Eventually. "When we get good and ready," Hayes says.  The
Powers That Be can do little to stop him. Any move against the three
remaining Fifth Column compatriots (one has died and another is disabled)
would be certain to unleash the information in a flood.

  	At least one big name has already been revealed: Vince Foster. Multiple
sources say one of Foster's several Swiss accounts was raided just before
his death of $2.73 million in proceeds from the sale of sensitive codes and
other secrets to Israel's Mossad. Which may explain why the government is
so anxious to portray Foster's death as a simple suicide. In reality, it
could be the loose thread that unravels a massive tapestry of corruption.

	That suicide cover story is rapidly fraying, despite intense efforts by
the White House and Washington establishment to hold it together. For
instance, credible independent handwriting analysts concluded in late
October that Foster's supposed suicide note is a forgery.  Indeed, there
are a number of recent tell-tale events that suggest that something very
big is at hand. Among them:

  - CIA briefings. Beginning in late October, high-level CIA officials
began sensitive one-on-one briefings with key members of Congress and those
with intelligence committee assignments. No staff members are allowed. All
parties are sworn to secrecy. Less than a dozen lawmakers are involved. The
subject, according to two sources: Espionage activities of Vincent Foster
and his alleged partner - First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton - on behalf of
Israel's Mossad and perhaps other foreign governments.

	The purpose of these briefings appears to be to prep key leaders for
cataclysmic political events ahead, including the likely indictment and
possible flight to a foreign country of the First Lady and what would
surely be the inevitable removal of Bill Clinton from office.

  -  Resignations. There has been an unusually large number of veteran
congressmen and senators announcing their resignations, retirements or
switching parties. Among them, Sen. Sam Nunn (D-Ga.), former chairman and
now ranking minority member of the powerful Armed Services Committee.
Another is Rep. Norman Minetta (D-Calif.), former chairman of the
pork-laden House Transportation Committee. The official explanation: It's
no fun now that the Republicans control Congress.

  	But sources claim the real reason is that some of these departees have
been quietly confronted with evidence that they took bribes or payoffs
through Swiss or other offshore bank accounts. Rumor has it that about 30
current members of the House and Senate have been identified as having such
foreign slush-fund accounts and that Gingrich is trying to weed them out
before the names become public.

	[Since this article was written, three more senators have announced their
retirements. Schroeder of Colorado; Hatfield of Oregon; and Simpson of
Wyoming. This is now the most retirements in Congress since 1896. Jim
Norman was on several radio talk shows recently stating that Schroeder and
Hatfield have been presented with evidence of these secret Swiss accounts.
The Simpson retirement was announced after these radio appearances- krc]

  - Curious denials. Multiple good sources have confirmed a report by
veteran Washington correspondent Sarah McClendon that over the Labor Day
weekend, Gingrich attended a "party" at the home of Vice President Al Gore
that included Sen. Bill Bradley, Attorney General Janet Reno and some other
prominent Democrats, after which Gore and Clinton had a shouting match.

	But everyone said to be involved in the meeting claims it never took
place. Is it because Gingrich was there to deliver the bad news: a mountain
of hard evidence of high-level corruption? Gingrich declines to be
interviewed by MEDIA BYPASS.

  	This Fifth Column team apparently began its work in the late 1980s.
Their primary assignment was to break into foreign intelligence agency
databases by a variety of physical and electronic means. But the main means
of entry was via secret "back doors" programmed into the modified "PROMIS"
tracking software which our government, under the direction of CIA
spymaster William Casey, managed to market all over the globe, even to our
enemies.

	This initial phase of the computer spy effort succeeded in downloading
data from more than 50 foreign intelligence services, including the KGB,
the Mossad and most of Europe's spy agencies, according to various
CIA-related sources. Contrary to boastful claims by the FBI, this is
apparently how Russian mole Aldrich Ames was identified as a double agent
more than two years before his dramatic arrest in February 1994. Is is also
how the CIA found out Foster was working for the Mossad, after learning
that someone in our government was delivering highly sensitive computer
codes to the Israelis; Foster had been a long-time handler of sensitive
computer spy deals and covert money-laundering for the NSA (MEDIA BYPASS,
Aug. 1995). Found along with Foster's name in the Mossad data base was that
of Hillary Clinton, whose name also cropped up as an operative for at least
two other European intelligence services, as yet unidentified.

	At the time of his death, MEDIA BYPASS has previously reported, Foster was
under close counter-espionage surveillance involving members of the CIA,
FBI, Secret Service as well as an IRS team. Two good sources say they have
heard that Saudi Arabia also had agents surveilling Foster. He knew he was
being investigated and was apparently under pressure to cop a plea to
prevent the probe from bringing down others in the White House. The FBI
apparently also knew that Foster's life was in danger: According to two
reliable intelligence sources, on the day of his death, FBI agents used a
pair of bomb-sniffing dogs to inspect Foster's Honda in the White House
parking lot - and probably planted a transponder on the car so they could
track the movements.

	White House videotapes of the parking lot, which would have shown that
inspection, have allegedly disappeared, according to this intelligence
source. But sources say the surveillance teams have still photos and
videotapes of Foster's activities on the afternoon he died, July 20, 1993,
showing him entering an apartment. It is here that Foster was apparently
killed, after a sexual encounter with a brownish-blond woman photographed
leaving the apartment afterwards. Also photographed, these sources say, was
the hit squad, apparently "assets" contracted by the Mossad but not
including any agents of the Mossad itself. Foster's body was apparently
rolled up in a rug and deposited at Fort Marcy Park - which is still closed
to visitors as the FBI supposedly searches for the bullet that killed
him.

	  Doggedly, the White House and offical Washington, aided by a blinded
mainstream press, continue to claim it was just a suicide, despite the
seriously flawed and widely discredited report to that effect by original
Whitewater Special Counsel Robert Fiske, and a cursory Senate inquiry.

	  Sources say it is the continuing coverup, now more than two years after
Foster's death, and the brazen nature of Foster's assassination, that has
soured CIA professionals and has prompted them to consider going public
with what they know. Adding to their frustration was the resignation of
reform-minded CIA director James Woollsey last year and his replacement by
John Deutch.

	  Deutch's job appears to be to keep a lid on things and to protect the
Clintons and the massive, ongoing illegal drug and arms trade that provides
the agency with billions of dollars in revenue completely out of view of
Congress and government watchdogs.

	  Deutch's recent attempt to use the Aldrich Ames case as a club to attack
the CIA and its past directors has brought the agency's simmering revolt to
a boil. "Deutch had better watch his altitude and attitude," said one
veteran CIA man. "He'd better get off his soapbox before he gets indicted
himself."

	  Rumors of CIA involvement in drug trafficking go back to before the
Vietnam war, with heroin trade from Laos' Golden Triangle. But in the late
'70s or early '80s, the agency virtually took over and nationalized the
wholesale importation of cocaine into this country through obscure
airfields like the one at Mena, Ark., on the grounds that it was the only
way to control the drug trade. In other words: "If you can't lick them,
join them." The operation was soon generating vastly more money than ever
imagined - which has come back to line the pockets of top government
officials from the Reagan, Bush and Clinton administrations. The
money-laundering operations have likewise drawn in major banks and
brokerage houses. By some accounts, the revenues still run upwards of $7
billion a year.

	Details of government involvement in this society-wrecking drug trade are
now emerging from various sources. Bits and pieces emerged during the
Iran-Contra and Iraqgate hearings of the 1980s, which produced a million
pages of documents but only a handful of indictments, and fewer
convictions. Perhaps the biggest fish caught was Reagan Defense Secretary
Caspar Weinberger, charged with lying to Congress. He was pardoned by
President George Bush just as Bush was leaving office in 1992. Curiously,
Weinberger's right-hand-man through most of that period was would-be
presidential contender Gen. Colin Powell, who Weinberger had brought up to
be a top military advisor, out of Casey's intelligence empire where he is
said to have served with the NSA and to have been intimately familiar with
the drug and arms flow.

	There is also a growing court record of sworn testimony in the wrongful
prosecution case of former CIA contract pilot Terry Reed. Reed claims in
his book, "Compromised: Clinton, Bush and the CIA," that Bill Clinton,
while governor of Arkansas, was well aware of the drug trafficking there
but
played along with the game to earn himself the status of an "approved"
candidate for the presidency. With that would come plenty of  financing.

	Another source now openly discussing the massive drug business is retired
Navy Lt. Commander Alexander Martin. Martin was, in effect, the chief
accountant for the Reagan/Bush drug operations run by Marine Lt. Col.
Oliver North, through an obscure arm of the White House National Security
Council called the Natinal Programs Office. In a radio interview with talk
show host Tom Valentine last July, Martin spoke not only of drugs and
money, but death. "Out of roughly 5,000 of us who were originally involved
in Iran-Contra, approximately 400, since 1986, have committed suicide, died
accidently or died of natural causes. In over half those deaths, official
death certificates were never issued. In 187 circumstances, the bodies were
cremated before the families were notified." Martin then said he was lying
low.

	Not low enough. In late October, Martin was arrested and jailed without
bond in Broward County, Fla., for supposed violation of his probation on  a
1990 bad-check charge. Such small-time charges are a common device used to
squelch and discredit former players in this government-run drug and arms
racket.

	Corruption. Most Americans like to think their government is somehow
immune to the kinds of bribery and abuse of public power rampant in "Third
World" countries. The emerging reality is that the exact opposite is true.
The more wealth and power at stake, the greater the incentive to subvert
and corrupt. Sources say the dark truths predicted to be unveiled by P.P.
Willie will be utterly damning.

END OF JAMES NORMAN ARTICLE FOR DEC 1995
MEDIA BYPASS

To Subscribe to Media Bypass call 1-800-4-BYPASS
One years subscription in the US, it is $29.95.

*********************************
The European Superstate and the Coming New World Order
By Dr. Jack Van Impe

In Daniel Chapter 2, King Nebuchadnezzar was haunted by a disturbing dream
that he could neither remember nor decipher. He called in his best
magicians, astrologers and soothsayers to help.

"I'm going to call you into my presence," he warned, "and if you cannot
tell me what my dream was I'mgoing to put you to death."

Talk about pressure! Think of it. Well, all the king's wise men were unable
to give him the answers he was looking for and they were killed. But
Nebuchadnezzar didn't give up trying to recall his dream. Someone mentioned
to the king that an inspired Jewish man named Daniel might be able to find
a solution.

Daniel prayerfully considered the king's request. When he appeared before
Nebuchadnezzar he told him that the Lord God had chosen him to reveal, to
his majesty, prophetical secrets that would happen in the latter days.

"I'll tell you what your dream was," said Daniel. "You saw a great image.
It had a head of gold, a chest and arms of silver, a stomach and thighs of
brass, legs of iron and 10 toes of iron mixed with clay."

Nebuchadnezzar was tremendously impressed with the detail and accuracy of
Daniel's interpretation. Daniel didn't take credit for solving the dream
but instead gave God the glory. He explained that it was the Almighty who
had revealed this secret to him. He then added that there was more to the
message, but feared the king would put him to death if the full truth were
told.

Nebuchadnezzar assured Daniel that he wanted to hear the whole truth - no
matter how disappointing it might be. Only then Daniel explained that
Nebuchadnezzar, king of the Babylonian empire, was represented by that head
of gold. But the chest and arms - the Medes and Persians - would defeat him
in battle. Later, long after Nebuchadnezzar was gone, another empire, the
Grecian [Greek - pictured by the stomach and thighs of brass] would destroy
the Medes and Persians. And then there would be two legs of iron
representing Rome - to defeat the Greeks.

Daniel also explained that there would be a long lull between this first
Roman Empire and a revived second one as depicted by the 10 toes of iron
mixed with clay emerging in the latter times.

Nebuchadnezzar, Cyrus, Alexander the Great, Julius Caesar, Charlemagne, the
Muslim Caliphs, Napoleon, Hitler, and Stalin had one thing in common. They
all attempted to build a world empire.

But, in each case, the timing wasn't right. While every one of these men
wielded great power for a period of time, they never achieved the kind of
world domination they envisioned because it wasn't in God's script not yet,
anyway.

All that has changed today. We are living in a time in which it is not only
possible for a world dictator of unprecedented authority to emerge, it is
also inevitable.

God's Word states that only seven empires will exist in world history
before Christ returns. The key verse proving this statement is Revelation
17:10: "There are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is, and the other
is not yet come; and when he cometh, he must continue a short space."

The five fallen empires referred to by John in this verse are Assyria,
Egypt, Babylon, Medo-Persia and Greece. The one that ruled at the time John
wrote the book of Revelation was Rome. One more final empire would arise,
but there would first be a long delay. That global power would be the

"Revived Roman Empire." Out of this final group of nations the figure known
as the Antichrist would emerge and reign for a brief period - just 84
months.

Is this period way off in the distant future? No! It is right around the
corner. The world is on the very brink of submission to this latter day
power. This Revived Roman Empire is presently assembling and organizing
itself under the aegis of the European Union - a federal Superstate that
will form the basis for the last one-world government. This dictatorship
under Antichrist rules with supernatural power, advanced 21st-century
technological police-state know-how, and unimaginable terror and
ruthlessness. Is it in the making?

   * The European Community created the European Monetary institute in
     January 1994. The institute is scheduled to become a central bank
     issuing a single currency no later than 1999.

   * The European Union is formulating common foreign and security policies
     with defense issues handled by the Western European Union. By 1996,
     all defense policies are to be made jointly.

   * The European Union is rapidly dissolving the ideas of national
     sovereignty in a giant step toward globalism and one-world government.

   * The Superstate is preparing the way for a more powerful central
     government - one that will eventually be headed by a world dictator.

In Daniel 9:27, we see this future fuhrer making a peace contract with the
nations of the earth for seven years. During the first three-and-half, the
Antichrist is controlled by Satanic powers (Revelation 13:4). But during
the second 42 months, Satan is cast out of heaven (Revelation 12:7-11) and
incarnates the body of this world dictator (Revelation 13:12). When Satan
takes over the body of the Antichrist, he begins calling himself God, and
even magnifies himself above every God, Daniel 11:36.

How do we know we are so close to this period today? The whole prophetic
scenario began in the miraculous year of 1948, when three major world
events occurred simultaneously. The first was the rebirth of the land of
Israel. Jesus Himself predicted this event would precede His return in
Matthew 24:32-33 when He told His disciples to learn the parable of the fig
tree, which always represents Israel in the Bible. Jesus said, "When his
branch is yet tender, and putteth forth leaves, ye know that summer is
nigh: So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is
near, even at the doors."

Nothing of significance prophetically, therefore, could happen until Israel
became a nation again. That happened in 1948. In addition, that year
witnessed the first meeting that would lead to the establishment of the
Revived Roman Empire - the European Union. This last day entity would form
the political and military basis for the coming one-world government - the
apparatus by which the Antichrist would rule. The third important event of
1948 was the formation of the World Council of Churches, which would help
lay the groundwork for the one-world religious system of the Antichrist
described in Revelation 13:11 and 17:9.

For more than 45 years now, the stage has been set for a world dictator to
emerge - one with powers and authority far beyond the scope of
Nebuchadnezzar or any of his successors. Anxiously, the world awaits his
appearance. I have no doubt he's alive and waiting in the wings.

   * "We are in a leaderless world," explains Walter Cronkite.

   * "We have a rendezvous with a world dictator and his appearance may be
     soon," says economist Julian Snyder.

   * Dr. Spaak stated: "Europe is looking for a man so powerful that he
     will hold the allegiance of all the people. Be he man or devil we are
     ready to receive him."

It's not just a political leader for which the world is looking. All the
major religions discuss the emergence, in the last days, of a powerful and
terrifying spiritual figure - someone who will ultimately proclaim himself
to be God. In addition, today's New Age philosophy is laying the groundwork
for the Antichrist's global religious system. Did you know, for instance,
that John Randolph Price, one of the world's principal New Age gurus, says
his spirit guide revealed to him that 2.5 billion people may need to be

wiped off the face of the earth for their utopian spiritual dreams to be
realized (Revelation 6:8, 9:18, 13:15, 20:4). Could such an organization
claiming a billion followers produce the Antichrist? Definitely!

The New Age movement teaches that we are all "little gods." I believe the
Antichrist will ride the crest of that belief and give it credence. But
then he will suffer a mortal head wound and come to his end in a battle
with Russia (Daniel 11:45). After being inhabited by Satan, he rises from
the dead and declares himself as the god of gods (Revelation 13:3). He then
demands that every human being worship him under penalty of death
(Revelation 13:15). How fitting that today's New Age leaders are already
beginning to justify the mass slaughter that will follow.

The Antichrist will have more help, too, from someone known as "the false
prophet." We read in scripture often about the 10 toes or 10 horns
representing the nations or political regions that form the basis for the
final one-world government. But we also read about seven heads in
Revelation 12:3 and 13:1. Revelation 17:9 interprets the seven heads as
seven mountains on which this woman - the one world religion - sits. That's
clearly the Vatican, built on the seven hills of Rome.

There is a long tradition in the Catholic Church that holds that the last
pope would defect from the faith. Pope John Paul II has acknowledged his
own fears that the next pope might well be the last one - the Anti-Pope, as
Catholicism calls him. Bishop John J. Dougherty has been teaching this
truth to Catholic seminarians. Leading Catholic scholars believe that
moment is very near.

It is from this Revived European Empire that all such latter day prophecies
emerge. Rome will once again be the center of the world economically,
politically, militarily and spiritually. Those currently moving Europe in
this direction seem inexplicably drawn to their fate. In 1987, the Belgians
minted the first ECU silver coins. Imprinted on them is the bust of Emperor
Charles the Fifth, crowned head of the Holy Roman Empire in 1519. Why was
Charles chosen to be immortalized on the first ever European coin? Because
of the striking geographical similarity between the European Community and
the Holy Roman Empire.

But what about the 10 toes and the 10 nations? Hasn't the European Union
evolved past this stage? Yes it has. But that is to be expected. Remember,
we're talking about an eventual world government, not a regional one. The
European Union began as 10 nations. In fact, Daniel 7:24 shows us that a
very significant eleventh nation shall arise. That was Spain. Now we have
15, and Poland and others may come aboard by the year 2000 for the
formation of the one world government or New world order. The European
Superstate, I believe, will provide the platform - the structure - for this
world dictatorship (Daniel 7:23, Revelation 13:7).

When Christ returns to set up His earthly kingdom, a grouping of ten kings
or nations remains (Daniel 2:44). Interestingly, all of the prime movers
behind the globalist dream have divided the world into 10 spheres. The
Trilateral Commission, the Council on Foreign Relations, the Bilderbergers,
the Club of Rome and others that promote a one-world federation eventually
break up the globe into 10 regions. One way or another God's word will come
to pass.

Only now, after two great European wars have been fought and reunification
has occurred, could the promises of the Bible about a world government
centered in Rome be possible. Likewise, only now, as we prepare to enter
the 21st century computer age could such a government hope to keep track of
the commercial activities of every human being on the planet (Revelation
13:16-17).

The University of Edinborough claims to have a computer that does 40
billion arithmetic transactions per second. But that is only one of the 10
fastest computers in the world! Newsweek reported recently that by 1997, we
will have a computer that processes one trillion pieces of information per
second. The European Union headquarters in Brussels, as I have reported
before, calls the impending system "the Beast," with obvious parallels to
the Beast of Revelation. This stands for the:

     Belgian
     Electronic
     Accounting
     Surveillance
     Terminal,

What an up-to-date book the Bible is!

Soon the Rapture will occur and a time of terror will engulf the globe.
"Alas! for that day is great, so that none is like it" (Jeremiah 30:7).
Daniel 12:1 describes it as "a time of trouble such as never was since
there was a nation." Jesus said almost the exact words in Matthew 24:21;
"For then shall be a great tribulation such as never was since there was a
nation."

Nothing like this time has ever happened in the past, nor will anything
like it ever happen again in the future. These things must come to pass.
They are right around the corner. But we should have no fear about them -
not as believers, anyway.

"When these things come to pass, be not terrified" (Luke 21:9). Why?
Because Jesus said that when these things come to pass, "... know ye that
the kingdom of God is nigh at hand" (Luke 21:31).

We believers who are prepared will miss this horrendous hour. We will be
gone before any of the seven-year tribulation period begins. We will be
caught up in the air to meet Jesus in the twinkling of an eye, according to
1 Corinthians 15:51-54.

Then we shall return, with the King, seven years later to "rule and reign"
(Revelation 20:4). Soon we'll hear the shout "COME UP HITHER!" (Revelation
4:1). Then 84 months later, the Lord returns with His heavenly entourage
for the millennial honeymoon (Jude 14, Revelation 19:7,8,14; 20:4).
Maranatha.


********************************
New Age News Update
By Rudy Hulstrom

NASA X-RAY satellite begins 2 year mission

NASA's X-Ray Timing Explorer was considered essential enough to be launched
in spite of the federal government shutdown. The $195 million satellite,the
size of a small bus,is designed to study for at least two years collapsed
stars,possible black holes and other hot,compact objects in the universe.

Here's Looking at YOU KID!! Is this just another way to put a spy satellite
in orbit to keep watch on the people of Earth? What other hot, compact
objects would be worth using such high tech equipment on? I submit to you
that this satellite will be used to further control the population of this
planet!

++++++++++++++++++++++++

E.T.The Welcome Mat Is Out Again

Aliens,pack your bags and prepare your spaceship.Sixteen Columbia College
art students have invited you to Chicago.To welcome the creatures they made
an"alien friendly"design by sifting 40 5 pound bags of flour onto the grass
in Grant Park. The 200 pound flour message swirled in two big loops with an
extended squiggly tail to let aliens know they are welcome to come hang out
with Columbia students.

And you thought our college students were learning something useful! Their
teacher said"I hope they see this as more than an exercize but as a
creative attempt at communication".They don't know if the aliens can read
this but it gets the message out there". Talk about wasting education
money!!

++++++++++++++++++++++

Solar Temple members found burned

The burned bodies of 16 people thought to be connected with the doomsday
cult Order of the Solar temple,were found in a hilltop forest in
southeastern France.

The dead,13 adults and 3 small children,were found in a circle around the
remains of a campfire,laid out in a sunburst pattern.Some had been shot.

The adults were believed to be members of the Order of The Soalr Temple, a
sect that preached the coming end of the world and told its adherents that
death for them was"pure illusion".

"The next big voyage will be on the night of the solstice,"cult literature
warned.Notes were found in the homes of the victims that expressed a desire
"to see another world".

Christian view of life
25  Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall
eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on.
Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?
26  Behold the fowls of the air: for they sow not, neither do they reap,
nor gather into barns; yet your heavenly Father feedeth them. Are ye not
much better than they?
27  Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?
28  And why take ye thought for raiment? Consider the lilies of the field,
how they grow; they toil not, neither do they spin:
29  And yet I say unto you, That even Solomon in all his glory was not
arrayed like one of these.
30  Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which to day is,
and to morrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, O
ye of little faith?
31  Therefore take no thought, saying, What shall we eat? or, What shall we
drink? or, Wherewithal shall we be clothed?
32  (For after all these things do the Gentiles seek:) for your heavenly
Father knoweth that ye have need of all these things.
33  But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.
34  Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take
thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof.

No where does the word of God ask anyone to destroy themselves for any
reason. We are simply to trust in the Lord Jesus Christ.

++++++++++++++++++++

Disney Ignores Christianity

The Walt Disney company has done it again. Producing a so-called Christmas
video tape titled Christmas Around the World.

In it,Santa Claus escorts Mickey Mouse around the world  and he learns the
customs of various lands,such as"Santa Lucia in Sweden and the tradition of
Las Posadas in Mexico.

At the end, Santa explains to Mickey that the Christmas spirit means
keeping the gifts of peace, joy and friendship in one's heart. He reminds
him that we are all the same big family with the same hopes and dreams, and
pronounces a benediction of peace on earth-all year long.

The Basis for the Celebration Ignored.

As Christians we celebrate the birth of the Lord Jesus Christ,who brings
hope to a humanity that can never save itself from its destructive nature
by its own attempts to create peace, joy and unity.

One may well reject the truth of God and find nothing significant in this
miraculous birth that we celebrate. But simple accuracy and integrity
should prevent any explanation of Christmas that, like the Disney tape,
fails to even mention Jesus or God. One does not capture the essence of
Christmas by placing the proclamation of "Peace on Earth" in the mouth of
Santa Claus rather than God.

++++++++++++++++++

Disney Comapny Truly Liberal Globalist

It is obvious now that the Walt Disney company that I knew as a child is
not the same. In distancing itself from its founders vision of traditional
values and a place where people could go and simply have fun, they have
drawn a line in the sand and said this far and no farther to people of
faith. The ever growing acceptance of "alternative lifestyles" within the
corporate offices of Disney makes me shudder to think what the future holds
for "Theme" parks.  Oh mommy, can I go see the Leather, Whips and Chains
Pavillion? The possibilities are staggering.

+++++++++++++++++++++

Another Step for Cashless Society

The Palatine, Il. Public Library became the first in Illinois and one of a
handful in the country to switch to a pre-paid library card. It is an
innovative attempt to generate money for cash strapped libraries.

The cards are the latest in a national trend that includes pre-paid phone
cards, tollway cards and mass transit cards. "You're just going to see more
and more of this kind of card popping up, "said james Daly, editor of the
Chicago based Credit Card Management newsletter that tracks the new
development.

Each patron at the library is issued a plastic card that looks like a
credit card and can be used to check out books. But, in addition , patrons
can insert the card and $1,$5,,$10 or$20 bills into a machine and charge up
the new library card.The card can then be used for printing copies from a
book or magazine, for printouts from a computer search, for video rentals
or book fees.

++++++++++++++++++

Truth of Bible Attacked from the Religion section of the Chicago tribune
12/15/95

 James Vanderkam and Eugene Ulrich, two Notre Dame professors of Hebrew
Scriptures have this to say concerning the Bible.

"The popular notion that the Bible was composed by a small number of
divinely inspired holy  men, Moses, David, Isaiah, John, Matthew, Paul and
the others is contradicted by centuries of painstaking scholarship that
shows much of Scripture was comopsed over long stages by many people other
than the named authors. "The believing community handed down its traditions
faithfully, but numerous individuals adapted and reshaped those traditions
in the light of changing cultural and historical developments. Eventually
those insights were woven into the text and transmitted to the next
generation."

What did Jesus say about the word of God?
17:1  After Jesus said this, he looked toward heaven and prayed: "Father,
the time has come. Glorify your Son, that your Son may glorify you.
2  For you granted him authority over all people that he might give eternal
life to all those you have given him.
3  Now this is eternal life: that they may know you, the only true God, and
Jesus Christ, whom you have sent.
4  I have brought you glory on earth by completing the work you gave me to do.
5  And now, Father, glorify me in your presence with the glory I had with
you before the world began.
6  "I have revealed you to those whom you gave me out of the world. They
were yours; you gave them to me and they have obeyed your word.
7  Now they know that everything you have given me comes from you.
8  For I gave them the words you gave me and they accepted them. They knew
with certainty that I came from you, and they believed that you sent me.
9  I pray for them. I am not praying for the world, but for those you have
given me, for they are yours.
10  All I have is yours, and all you have is mine. And glory has come to me
through them.
11  I will remain in the world no longer, but they are still in the world,
and I am coming to you. Holy Father, protect them by the power of your
name--the name you gave me--so that they may be one as we are one.
12  While I was with them, I protected them and kept them safe by that name
you gave me. None has been lost except the one doomed to destruction so
that Scripture would be fulfilled.
13  "I am coming to you now, but I say these things while I am still in the
world, so that they may have the full measure of my joy within them.
14  I have given them your word and the world has hated them, for they are
not of the world any more than I am of the world.
15  My prayer is not that you take them out of the world but that you
protect them from the evil one.
16  They are not of the world, even as I am not of it.
17  Sanctify them by the truth; your word is truth.
18  As you sent me into the world, I have sent them into the world.
19  For them I sanctify myself, that they too may be truly sanctified.
20  "My prayer is not for them alone. I pray also for those who will
believe in me through their message,
21  that all of them may be one, Father, just as you are in me and I am in
you. May they also be in us so that the world may believe that you have
sent me.

+++++++++++++++++

Is Mind Control Being Tested Here?
a report taken from the internet

What is the EMR mind machine? A Global Weapon to control the population?

The EMR mind machine is a machine which use the electromagnetic waves to
influence and read other person's mind (or thoughts) in order to achieve
the goal of mind control.

INFLUENCE.
The CIA has been researching on electromagnetic mind control technologies
since 1960.  According to 1985, Dr. Robert Becker reported in his book
-"The Body Electric" and the findings of Senate Sub-committees in the
hearing of CIA's MKULTRA programs in 1970s.

DEFENSE ELECTRONICS reported that a Richmond, Virginia firm
Psychotechnologies (believed to be closely tied to the CIA and the FBI has
purchased the American rights to the Soviet mind-control devices (New World
Order & ELF Tyranny-C.B. Baker)

Once the US have purchased the Russian mind-control devices, the US will
also have the Russian technologies.  So, the information concerning Russian
technologies can be used to clarify the capabilities of some of the mind
control technologies current in the hands of the US.

The functions of EMR mind machine include :
 1. deliver microwaves voices (message) to victims to drive victims Mad:
Does the victim agree with the function?  Yes, almost every one of victims
that I have interviewed agree that this is one of the popular harasssment.


US Scientists Research Report:
This technology had been reported by Dr. Allen Frey in 1959 ( See Cornell
University expereiment report.), and in 1973, Dr. Sharp (of the Walter Reed
Army Institue of Research) had served as the subject of the experiment in
this technology.   He confirmed that he had heard & understand the spoken
words deliver to him by microwave frequency.

PRESENT DAY, the use of electromagnetic weapons by US government was
described in the Oct-Nov., 94 NEXUS MAGAZINE: "Directed-energy weapons
currently being deployed include, for example, a micro-wave weapon
manufactured by Lockheed-Sanders and used for a process known as 'Voice
Synthesis' which is REMOTE BEAMING OF AUDIO (i.e., VOICES OR OTHER AUDIBLE
SIGNALS) DIRECTLY INTO THE BRAIN OF ANY SELECTED HUMAN TARGET. This process
is also known within the U.S. Government as "Synthetic Telepathy." This
psychotronic weapon was demonstrated by Dr. Dave Morgan at the November,
1993 Non-Lethal weapons conference ("New World Order & ELF Tyranny" by C.B.
Baker).

2.  Cause the victims to experience dizziness and fall alseep with radio
energy (or radio beam).

Does this machine have this ability?  Yes, abousolutly.  The Russian or US
scientists have all agreed with that the electromagnetic frequency can
induce dizziness and sleep.   So, while a victim is driving on the highway,
the mindcontrol group can easily kill victims with car  accidents by using
the emitters that have been already installed on automobiles.

Declassified US Intelligence Report:
In 1977, the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) declassified a report &
Shows that the Soviets discovered that secret microwave radiation can be
used to induce the following symptoms in unsuspecting victims: "headache,
fatigue, perspiring, dizziness, menstrual disorders irritability,
agitation, tension, drowsiness, sleeplessness, depression, anxiety,
forgetfulness, and the lack of concentration. ("New World Order & ELF
Tryanny"- C.B. Baker)

Research results of Russian Scientists:
The head of Dept. of Physiology in University of Leningrad, professor
Vasilliev reported in a publicatin " Vasiliev and his colleagues were among
the first to show that even very low-level radiation can effect living
organisms and cause dizziness, loss of appetite, emotional instability, and
hallucinations. (New World Order & ELF Tyranny-- C.B. Baker)

3. Hypotize the victims:
Can the EMR Mind machine be used to hypotize humans?  Yes, absolutaly Our
American society have covered up too many secrets in this area. So, we
better find the answer from the original inventor--Russia.

Research Result of Russian Scientists:

In the 1950's, Nikolia Khokhlov, a Soviet KGB agent defected to the West In
1976, Khokhlov was asked by the U.S. Government to prepare a report of
secret Soviet parapsychology centers.  He interviewed a number of
scientists who had recently left the Soviet Union. The 2\5\83 issue o THE
SPECTATOR, it reported that Khokhlov stated: Soviet psychotronic weapons
"ARE ABLE TO JAM SOMEONE'S THINKING IN THE SAME WAY THAT YOU CAN JAM THE
SIGNALS COMING IN FROM A RADIO TRANSMITTER. In simple terms, it means that
YOU CAN SCRAMBLE ANYONE'S THINKING PROCESS AND CAN PLANT FEAR AND CONFUSION
AT WILL IN THAT PERSON."

KGB defector Khokhlov reported that by using these psychotronic weapons
"you can make an enemy to do something TOTALLY CONTRARY TO HIS TRAINING AND
HIS LOYALTY TO HIS OWN COUNTRY."   Khokhlov reported that these KGB devices
could turn a senior officer "into a traitor" to his own country   (New
world Order & ELF Tyranny- C.B. Baker)

Research results of Scientists in the US:

In 1974, the scientists of CIA are very strongly interested in the
hypnosis-EMR. The experimenter of this research, J.F. Schapitz recorded :

The spoken word of the hypnosis may also be conveyed by modulate
electromagnetic energy directly into the subconscious parts of the human
brain--i.e., without employing any technical device for receiving or
transcoding the messages, and the person who expose in such influenc has no
chance to control the information input ( " The Body Electric" - Dr. Robert
Becker, p. 320-321).

Transcript from the Congressional Hearing on the MKULTRA program:

On September 21, 1977, the Senate's Sub-Committee on Health and Scientific
Research asked the director of "MKULTRA" -- Dr. Sydney Gottlieb to testify.
Dr. Gottlieb said: "There was a running interest in what effects people's
standing in the field of radio energy have, and it could easily have been
that somewhere in the many projects someone was trying to see if you could
hypnotize somebody easier if he was standing in a radio beam."

The above information have proven that the US mindcontrol organization can
use the electromagnetic waves to hypnotize target & send the subliminal
message (suggestion-microwave voices) to subject.

The CIA might have tried to keep these mind control technologies and EMR
mind machine as secret forever.  However, enough information has surfaced
in the past twenty years to prove this EMR mind machine indeed exists.
Also, the declassified information and news reports have already proven the
US EMR mind machine has the same capabilities as that of the Russian
infrasound mind machine, except US was able to accomplish this much earlier
and using EMR instead of infrasound (in the 1970s).

Furthermore, since the US has already purchased infrasound mind machine and
psychological, & "nonlethal" weapons from Russia after the Cold War, the US
has at the very least the same equipments as the Russian in mind control
technologies.

++++++++++++++++++++

Church Panel: Take brimstone from idea of hell

A Church of England commission has rejected the idea of hell as a place of
fire, pitchforks and screams of unending agony, describing it instead an
annihilation for all who reject the love of God.

Rejecting the medievil vision of the underworld, the report said
"Christians have professed appalling theologies which made God into a
sadistic monster and left searing psychological scars on many."

The report, released last spring, said belief in everlasting punishment has
steadily faded. "There are many reasons for this change, but amongst them
have been the moral protest from both within and without the Christian
faith against a religion of fear, and a growing sense that the picture of a
God who consigned millions to eternal torment was far removed from the
revelation of God's love in Christ, "the report said.

"Hell is not eternal torment, but it is the final and irrevocable choosing
of that which is opposed to God so completely and so absolutely that the
only end is total non-being."

That is much like the definition of hell in the catechism of the
U.S.Episcopal Church:"eternal death inour rejection of God"

That is  Not What Jesus Christ said!!
Read the following and then make up your own mind!!
Luke 16:19  There was a certain rich man, which was clothed in purple and
fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day:
20  And there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his
gate, full of sores,
21  And desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man's
table: moreover the dogs came and licked his sores.
22  And it came to pass, that the beggar died, and was carried by the
angels into Abraham's bosom: the rich man also died, and was buried;
23  And in hell he lift up his eyes, being in torments, and seeth Abraham
afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom.
24  And he cried and said, Father Abraham, have mercy on me, and send
Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool my
tongue; for I am tormented in this flame.
25  But Abraham said, Son, remember that thou in thy lifetime receivedst
thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted,
and thou art tormented.
26  And beside all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed: so
that they which would pass from hence to you cannot; neither can they pass
to us, that would come from thence.
27  Then he said, I pray thee therefore, father, that thou wouldest send
him to my father's house:
28  For I have five brethren; that he may testify unto them, lest they also
come into this place of torment.
29  Abraham saith unto him, They have Moses and the prophets; let them hear
them.
30  And he said, Nay, father Abraham: but if one went unto them from the
dead, they will repent.
31  And he said unto him, If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither
will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead.

Then read these words of Jesus Christ from Luke 12
12:1  In the mean time, when there were gathered together an innumerable
multitude of people, insomuch that they trode one upon another, he began to
say unto his disciples first of all, Beware ye of the leaven of the
Pharisees, which is hypocrisy.
2  For there is nothing covered, that shall not be revealed; neither hid,
that shall not be known.
3  Therefore whatsoever ye have spoken in darkness shall be heard in the
light; and that which ye have spoken in the ear in closets shall be
proclaimed upon the housetops.
4  And I say unto you my friends, Be not afraid of them that kill the body,
and after that have no more that they can do.
5  But I will forewarn you whom ye shall fear: Fear him, which after he
hath killed hath power to cast into hell; yea, I say unto you, Fear him.

The word hell is used 54 times in 54 verses. Please take the time to look
them up.

New Age News Update......A Christian perspective on the New Age and New
World Order
Written,edited and published by:
Rudy Hulstrom
1504 Cardinal.Melrose
Park,IL.60160

E-Mail : 102551,1063@Compuserve.Com
On the Web at:
http//ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/rudyhulstrom

********************************
Prophe-Zine News Bites

A Call To Pantheism
By: Ray Gano

While reading the news groups, I once again, stumbled across the "Great
Invocation". Every New Year's Eve, millions of  New Agers and other
Occultists sit and meditate and chant the following chant to bring about
World Peace and other warm fuzzy stuff.  Once you read this over, you will
see it's flaws. First of all, the people who partake in this ceremony are
not calling for world peace but calling for a world without God and a world
without our Lord and savior Jesus. Where they are looking is to themselves
for their salvation and a better world. This is the oldest and also the
first sin reported in the Bible. They want to be like God, to the point of
calling themselves God. This "Great Invocation" was given originally to
Alice Bailey by her spirit / demon guide Djwhal Khul. Bailey calls for the
extermination of all Christians and Jews by the way. The reason given is so
that man can make his quantum leak into his next evolutional plane. It is
we Christians and Jews and our "lack of tolerance for all" is the reason
given for this willingness to terminate our existence. Read some of Alice
Bailey's work and you will see.

**  **  **  **   **
This invocation was first given out in 1945 as an aid in bringing about
certain great events.

These are:
     1.  An outpouring of love and light upon mankind, from Shamballa.
     2.  An invocatory appeal to the Christ, the Head of the Hierarchy, to
reappear.
     3.  The establishing on earth of the divine Plan, to be accomplished
willingly by humanity itself.
(Taken from Ponder on This, a compilation of the writings of Alice A.
Bailey and The Tibetian Master, Djwhal Khul)

The Great Invocation

From the point of light within the Mind of God
Let light stream forth into the minds of men.
Let Light descend on Earth.

From the point of Love within the Heart of God
Let love stream forth into the hearts of men.
May Christ return to Earth.

From the centre where the Will of God is known
Let purpose guide the little wills of men---
The purpose which the Masters know and serve.

From the centre which we call the race of men
Let the Plan of Love and Light work out.
And may it seal the door where evil dwells.

Let Light and Love and Power
restore the Plan on Earth.

For further information about the Reappearance of the Christ and the
Masters of Wisdom, please contact:
     Tara Center
     P.O.Box 6001
     N Hollywood, Ca. 91603

To learn more about the coming age and how we (humanity) are already
experiencing these great changes in our everyday life because of the
Reappearance of the Christ and the Masters of Wisdom, you may wish to
subscribe to Share International Magazine.  Please contact Tara Center.

** Editors note: Both Share International and the Tara Center can be
reached via Prophe-Zine's WWW site. The Christ they are waitng for is a man
named Maitreya. JFYI, they also have close ties to the UN.**

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

People Turning To Psychics Not Jesus
By: VJA, Syracuse, New York

The Post Standard September 11, 1995 article entitled "Psychics Shine Light
on Lives" highlights the tremendous interest in psychic and paranormal
activity that is sweeping the world. Infomercials are flooding the
air-waves, and the "Psychics Friends Network" has become the most aired
commercial on television. Psychic fairs, palm readers, channellers, "Magic"
card games (tarot cards in disguise), ouija boards and involvement with
other "New Age" phenomena are becoming commonplace. Society is basically
unfulfilled, searching for answers.

But why are people contacting psychics?

"The Shattered Crystal Ball" was a study that analyzed the accuracy of the
top ten psychics whose predictions were published over a three-year period.
Their combined failure rate was 98%; six out of ten psychics were wrong
100% of the time. But despite their extremely poor record, millions of
people spend millions of dollars on psychics and channellers looking for
guidance. With a 98% failure rate, the best one should expect is to be
deceived and separated from their money. However, there is a much greater
danger.

Sid Roth, stockbroker-turned-radio interviewer (7:45 A.M., 96.5 & 105.1
F.M.), in his autobiographical book entitled There Must be Something More,
tells of his experiences with New Age phenomena. He began by consulting
psychics and taking mind-control courses. The power he encountered was
real. He eventually achieved a level of consciousness where he got his own
"spirit guide", to consult. He no longer needed a psychic; he had a "spirit
guide" inside of him. He didn't question the source of this power--at least
not at first.

Sid got involved deeper and deeper. One day after "lowering his brain
waves" to a new level, he had an out-of-body experience. He found out that
this was called "astral projection." He also found out that this was
dangerous and was warned not to go too far or his spirit might not find its
way back and be hopelessly lost. He eventually found that he had no real
control over his "spirit body", which could leave his corporal body at
night while he was asleep. He began to suspect that he had opened a door to
a supernatural that was not as benevolent as he had thought. His spirit
guide--a perfect gentleman as long as he was doing what the spirit guide
approved of--was suddenly not so gentlemanly. It began to torture him. The
power that Sid had tapped into now wanted him dead.He reached the point
where death didn't look bad.

What was the source of this power?

It's been around since biblical times. The Apostles Paul and Silas once
encountered a fortuneteller and channeller (spirit of divination). Acts
16:16-18 records: "Now it happened, as we went to prayer, that a certain
slave girl possessed with a spirit of divination met us, who brought her
masters much profit by fortunetelling. This girl followed Paul and us, and
cried out saying, 'These men are the servants of the Most High God, who
proclaim to us the way of salvation.' She did this for many days. But Paul,
greatly distressed, turned and said to the spirit, 'I command you in the
name of Jesus Christ to come out of her.' And he came out that very hour."

For this slave girl, as for Sid Roth, the power that was operating inside
was demonic, an evil spirit. In desperation, Sid did what even most
atheists and agnostics do when confronted with death--he cried out to God
for deliverance and found out that God was not only real, but is a greater
power than that which was inside of him. Sid turned to God for help before
it was too late.

Many people, whether through ignorance or a thirst for power, have gotten
involved with the occult (today called the New Age) and have found
themselves in desperate trouble. Instead of finding answers, these people
have lost control of their own minds and bodies. This is the reason that
God warns us to stay away from spiritists and mediums.

The psychic in your article who feels his powers are from God has been
deceived. If he continues in this activity, the Bible (Leviticus 20:27)
says his blood will be upon his own head. He will be responsible for his
own death at the hand of these occul- tic powers.

Do not get involved with these dangerous occultic activities. Find
fulfillment where millions have found them for almost two thousand
years--through Jesus Christ.

VJA, Syracuse, New York

+++++++++++++++++++++++

Person-Locator System Based on Wristband Radio Transponders
From *NASA Tech Briefs*, December 1995

Abstract: Person-Locator System Based on Wristband Radio Transponders

A computerized system using wristband transponders can track and identify
people in prisons, mental hospitals, and other high- security or busy
places.  The transponders would be very inexpensive and would not require
battery power.

Individuals could be located in a timely fashion at relatively low cost.

NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena CA

A computerized system based on wristband radio-frequency (RF), passive
transponders is being developed for use in real-time tracking of
individuals in custodial institutions like prisons and mental hospitals.
In comparison with other, similar systems now on the market or undergoing
development, this system would offer the advantages of equal or better
tracking capabilities and relatively low cost:  the wristband transponders
are estimated to cost less than $1.50 apiece (1993 prices) and would not
require battery power.

The system would include a monitoring system that would contain a central
computer connected to a low-power, high-frequency central transciever.  The
transciever would be connected to miniature transceiver nodes mounted
unobtrusively at known locations throughout the institution.  Some or all
of the transciever nodes could be connected to the central transciever by
incorporating them into a coaxial cable connected to the central
transciever. Alternatively, some or all of the transceiver nodes could be
set up as stand-alone units with antennas for radio communication with the
central transciever.  The wristband transponders would be embedded in
common hospital wristbands.

A unique digital code would be assigned to each wristband to identify the
wearer and to each transceiver node to identify its location.  The computer
would cause the central transceiver to broadcast the digital code or codes
of one or many wristbands to the transceiver nodes, which would rebroadcast
the wristband codes in their local areas.  Each wristband circuit would be
powered by the signal radiated by the transciever node(s) in its immediate
vicinity.  Upon reception of a signal modulated with its unique digital
code, a wristband would become excited to rebroadcast that code for
reception by the nearest transceiver node.  In turn, the transceiver node
would transmit both the wristband code and its location code back to the
central transceiver.

The central computer would process these codes to produce a video display
showing the location of the wristband as deduced from the location of the
transceiver node that received the response from the wristband.  Produced
by a graphical-display software module, this display would be in the form
of a two-dimensional floor or terrain map or a three-dimensional layout of
the entire institution or the affected building or outside area.

The computer-display module would also provide ancillary still images from
file photographs, plus real-time video and sound. The data for these
ancillary displays would be provided by a data base software module, which
would contain a record on each prisoner and, optionally, on each guard
and/or other supervisory person.  This record could include multiple
photographs, voiceprints, fingerprints, and archival vidio displays to show
distinctive gaits and other distinctive characteristics.  Each such record
would be labeled with the same distinct digital code assigned to that
individual's wristband.

The wristbands would be tamperproof in the following sense:  Each would
contain an embedded wire loop which, when broken or torn off and discarded,
would cause the wristband to disappear from the system, thus causing an
alarm.  If a wristband were to be shielded with aluminum foil or otherwise
rendered inoperable and its unique digital code were transmitted in the
system, the softare would similarly alert the central computer operator
that the wristband was missing in the system.  Similarly, every wristband
in the system would contain circuitry responsive to a uniform code that
would be transmitted repeatedly by transceiver nodes at the perimeter of
the institution.  Thus if a prisoner approached the perimeter, a warning
would be sounded at the monitoring station.

This work was done by Frederick W. Mintz, Brent R. Blaes, and Charles W.
Chandler of Caltech for NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Russian official threatens revenge if NATO enlarged
February 4, 1996

MUNICH, Germany (CNN) -- A top Russian defense official Saturday informed
European security
officials that NATO's plans for enlargement to include former Warsaw Pact
nations could provoke Russia into revenge against the West.

Andrei Kokoshin, Russia's First Deputy Defense Minister, delivered a frosty
written statement reminiscent of the Cold War era to a conference of
security officials in Munich.

In the statement, Kokoshin wrote that adding Poland, Hungary, and the Czech
Republic to NATO would "cause a negative, if not a painful, reaction in
Russian society." Kokoshin accused the West of trying to "deliver the final
blow" of the Cold War ... against Russia.

Western officials sharply criticized the statement, calling attention to it
after Kokoshin declined to read it publicly at the security conference in
Munich. They noted that Kokoshin's verbal remarks were much less
antagonistic than the written statement, which he acknowledged writing.

+++++++++++++++++++

Smart Card Update

Smart Cards Poised For Take-Off In 1996 - Report 01/29/96

SOMERTON, SOMERSET, ENGLAND, 1996 JAN 29 (NB) -- A report in the
December/January issue of Card Technology Today, which claims to be the
smart card industry's leading journal, forecasts dynamic growth for the
industry in 1996.

According to David Jones, the magazine's editor, last year was marked by
four leading developments: widespread trials of electronic purse schemes;
major progress in the Europay/MasterCard/Visa (EMV) standard for
international bank cards; a breakthrough for contactless card technology;
and the explosive growth of the Internet.

"These developments will all bear fruit in the year ahead. In particular,
we believe that 1996 will be the year of the electronic purse. One industry
leader, Gemplus, expects growth over the next 12 months to be in the order
of 45 percent," he explained.

Jones also notes that Gemplus, Verifine, and a group of major banks and
financial institutions in the US have teamed up with the SmartCash program
to promote the electronic purse across the whole of the country.

Jones claims that EMV standards are now virtually complete and widely
accept. "Even such skeptics as the UK banking community are not firmly
committed to implementing smart card technology -- the principal
outstanding subject is the completion of standards for terminals," he said.

Card Technology Today claims that, despite the acceptance of EMV standards,
the introduction of chip cards into national bank payment systems and
markets will be a slow one, because national banking
associations have to carry their members with them. Also, the magazine
notes, credit and debit cards have a two-year lifespan and the issue of new
cards has to be tied to the replacement cycle.

According to Jones, 1996 is expected by industry leaders to be the year of
take-off for contactless card technology, with many programs coming to
fruition and beginning to generate significant activity.

A pointer to this, he notes, was the contract won last summer to supply
three million contactless cards for the Hong Kong mass ticketing system.

The magazine forecasts new initiatives from IBM, MasterCard, Microsoft, Netscape, and Visa for handling payments via the Internet, with schemes designed to provide security for payments made with credit cards.

While the need for immediate "solutions" will dictate that the first
systems are software based, all these organizations, the magazine claims,
will have firmly in their sights the introduction of chip- carrying bank
cards as a vehicle for Internet payments during the next two to three
years.

Further details of Card Technology Today can be found on the publishers'
home page at http://www.sjb.co.uk .

(Sylvia Dennis/19960129/Press & Reader Contact: Card Technology Today, tel
+44-1458-274444, fax +44-1458-274495)

Source: Newsbytes news service 1/29/96

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Killer Quake in China
Sunday Febuary 4 7:22 AM EST

Killer quake hit China and killed 228 people, injured 14,000 and left tens
of thousands of survivors huddled in freezing weather and jolted by dozens
of aftershocks.

The epicenter of the tremor in the remote and scenic region of Lijiang,
about 1,300 miles southwest of Beijing. The quake, which measured 7.0 on
the Richter scale and struck on Saturday evening when most people were at
home for supper or watching television officials said.

Christ has told us watch out and beprepared when we see these things, like
this earthquake, for our moment is nigh.

++++++++++++++++++++++++

Possible allies  with Gog ?
Polish president chooses premier
By: Ray Gano

President Aleksander Kwasniewski, Poland's new President,  asked former
communist Wlodzimierz Cimoszewicz to form a new government.

Mr Cimoszewicz said that he would immediately begin negotiations to form a
government next week.

He expected most ministers would maintain their posts but said that he
would replace unpopular officials with "someone more competent".

I find this interesting because somewhere in eastern Europe someone will
allie themself to Russia inthe attack on Isreal. Check out Ez. 38-39. Is it
possibly Poland?

+++++++++++++++++++

Allies with Gog?  Part 2...?
Iran Deploys Anti-Ship Missile
Tuesday January 30 4:50 PM EST

Iran this month tested and is deploying a Chinese-made anti-ship cruise
missile that represents a potential new threat to oil shipping in the Gulf,
the U.S. Navy commander in the region said Tuesday.

Vice Adm. Scott Redd, chief of U.S. Navy forces in the Gulf, said Iran
test-fired a Chinese C-802 anti-ship missile on Jan. 6 from a ship in the
Arabian Sea just outside the Gulf. He said it could be mounted on Iran's
Chinese-made Houdong fast patrol boats.

``This is a new dimension " Redd said, noting that the mobile, radar-guided
missile had a range of 60 miles. He said the missile was ``in the
deployment stage.''

The admiral, speaking at a breakfast with reporters, called the C-802 a
major advance over older Chinese-made ``Silkworm'' anti-ship cruise
missiles used by Iran in its Gulf war with Iraq nearly a decade ago.

++++++++++++++++++++++

Subversive' UN Calendar Torn Down By Teachers
By Robert Guest in Tokyo

Japanese headteachers were horrified when posters urging pupils to
"misbehave" were pasted up in schools all over the country.

They tracked down the culprits, delivered a firm reprimand, and made them
promise not to do it again.

The poster in question was a calendar with quotes from the UN Convention on
the Rights of the Child, and its treatment has thrown fresh light on the
ultra-authoritarian regime in many Japanese schools.

To Western eyes, the calendar's message seems inoffensive. It states that
children have the right "to say what they think", "to express themselves",
"to rest, to play and to experience beautiful things".

Japan's parliament signed the convention last year, but for many schools,
the document's assertion that children have rights goes too far.

"Many headmasters and boards of governors thought the poster encouraged
students to disobey their teachers"

"We received a lot of complaints," said Toshio Sano, a spokesman for
Nikkyoso, the Leftist teachers' union which printed and distributed 45,000
copies of the calendar to 40,000 primary and middle
schools.

"Many headmasters and boards of governors thought the poster encouraged
students to disobey their teachers."

Clause 16, ascribing to children "the right to keep secrets from other
people", was thought to be a licence to cheat at exams. The idea of a
"right to play" was thought to bode ill for exam results.

"It's a great shame, but many teachers don't like to think of their pupils
as individuals with rights," said Mr Sano. "In some schools they binned the
calendar, in others they stuck it up in the staff room where the children
couldn't read it."

At most schools, hair and skirt length are stipulated to the nearest half
inch. Pupils with questions must raise their hands to a set height and
angle, and the order in which school meals may be eaten is often
prescribed.

Girls with naturally curly hair need notes from their mothers verifying
that they have not permed it.

United Nations homepage (http://www.un.org/)

++++++++++++++++++++++++

One step closer to the One World Government
By: Archibald E Roberts, LtCol, AUS, ret, Director
COMMITTEE TO RESTORE THE CONSTITUTION, Inc

Evidence filed with Committee to Restore the Constitution reveals that Army
reserve units are now directed to comply with Presidential Decision
Directive #25, 3 May 1994 "The Clinton Administration's Policy on Reforming
Multilateral Peace Operations", a `secret' document ordering transfer of US
military to UN command.

Case:  Patrick John Cloutier, E-4, 337th MI Company (INTIG), 11 Eagle Road
Danbury  CT  06810.  Spc Cloutier was subjected to censor and revocation of
security clearance for "...publically displaying disgust and refusal to
participate in a training exercise that involved national United Nations
participation", allegedly a violation of AR 530-1.

Specialist Cloutier incident parallels the case of Spc Michael New, court
martialed and discharged for refusal to don UN gear and serve in United
Nations Army under foreign command.

Instant provision of PDD #25, applicable to Spc Cloutier and Spc New, is
Chapter IV "Strengthening the UN", paragraph C.  "Finally, the UN should
establish a professional Peace Operations Training Program for commanders
and other military and civilian personnel".

Intimidation and punitive action against military personnel who adhere to
the Constitution and Army Regulations is suggestive of a dictatorship.

Complicity of Congress in subversion of United States military is revealed
in Senate Joint Resolution #65, 16 March 1993, "Establishing a commission
to study the creation of a standing international military force under the
United Nations Charter".

Americans in uniform are betrayed in `bait and switch' tactic by the Chain
of Command under oath to protect them.

Cited documents available.  Ask for "Spc-4 Patrick Cloutier file".  Include
$2.00 for reproduction and postage.

Archibald E Roberts, LtCol, AUS, ret, Director
COMMITTEE TO RESTORE THE CONSTITUTION, Inc
PO Box 986  Fort Collins  CO  80522  (970) 484 2575

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

Biometrics Update

Liberty Check Printing just introduced a means of adding your photo to your
check as a means if ID.

What they do is take you photo and digitize it. Then they convert it into a
bar code and print the bar code on your check. When you check is run
through the scanner at the store a EPS or line drawing comes up of you that
the store attendant can see and verify that it is you.

This technology was introduced at the National Credit Union Convention in
San Jose CA, Feb. 5 -9, 1996.

++++++++++++++++++++

Smart Card Update:

"SMART CARD" HERE WITHIN ONE YEAR
5 Forms Of Ontario I.D. To Fold Into One
By KELLY TOUGHILL Queen's Park Bureau
Front-page headline, TORONTO STAR, Feb. 13th 1996:


The Ontario government will launch a province-wide identification card
within the year to keep track of everything from mammograms to speeding
tickets.

Health Minister Jim Wilson said yesterday that the government has settled
on a so-called "smart card" to replace the existing health card, driver's
licence, social assistance identification, drug card and  senior
identification.

The card will link up to several government computers, including a
completely revamped health care data base that will be able to track the
most detailed information about patient health and doctors' billings.

"If we could bring it up to the level of a credit card, where they can tell
you where you were an hour ago and what you spent, that would be a great
step forward for the health-care system in Ontario," Wilson told reporters
yesterday.

"For example, when you are discharged from hospital, your patient record
doesn't follow you [so] you may go to your family doctor back in your
hometown and and have all the tests and x-rays duplicated.

That sort of information can be available in a central database. Of course
we have to have all the discussions about privacy of information."

Wilson dismissed estimates that a province-wide smart- card would cost the
government $1 billion or more,  saying he hopes to drastically lower the
cost through a "partnership" with the private sector.

"Basically, our request for proposal will be an ad that says, 'Ministry of
Health needs an information centre system, has no money.'"

Former NDP health minister Ruth Grier also explored a smart card, but
rejected the idea because she said  it posed to great a risk to patient
privacy.

Wison said privacy protection will be a key part of  the new card, ensuring
that only appropriate health- care workers and OHIP [Ontario Health
Insurance Plan] officials can access sensitive patient information.

The card would carry basic "tombstone data", such as  date of birth and
gender that Wilson said is now  collected by 200 different government
programs.

Wilson said the government has not yet decided whether the card would carry
a resident's fingerprints, photo or other form of identification.

He said it could take two years or more for the cards to be issued. [Note:
Ontario, Canada's most populous and industrialized province, has a
population of  10 million]




41





