Prophe-Zine, Issue # 19
May 15, 1996

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........


Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 19
Grant R. Jeffrey.....Peace In The Middle East or The Prelude To War?
Jim Pinkoski.......Ron Wyatt's Discovery of the Ark of the Covenant
David M. Williams.......The 4 Main Approaches To Understanding The Book Of
Revelation.
Berit Kjos......From The United Nations To The United Religions
Prophe-Zine News Bites ....Assorted News sources and faithful readers

Special Thanks to: Jim Pinkoski of "The Museum of God's Treasures" located
in the Gatlinburg Passion Play Complex in Gatlinburg, Tennessee. Jim works
with Ron Wyatt who was the person that discovered the Ark of the Covenant.
He has written a VERY good  first hand follow-up and corrections regarding
Ron's discovery in Jerusalem. Many thanks Jim and Ron and keep up the good
work.

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on the
1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet. You can also get back issues at Prophe-Zine's web site.
Address: http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in Matthew 28:19:
                  "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine
Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1996 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from the
author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, , Color-It, JPEGview, OnLine Bible KJV 2.1.

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

*****************************
Welcome to Issue # 19

Hello Everyone,

I am glad to see that you are still enjoying my publication Prophe-Zine. I
am trying to keep track of how many people subscribe and how many drop offs 
I get. In fact the way things are going, I am getting about 25 new
subscribers every month. It seems that I have gotten a lot more people the
last few weeks. So if you are telling people about PZ....keep it up. We
need even more readers.

In this issue I have a GREAT follow-up on the Ark of the Covenant article.
I am also concentrating on Israel in this issue. This month is a pretty
busy month for the State of Israel. She is having elections towards the end
of May(?) and the Oslo 2 treaty talks start up. The Oslo treaty is going to
cover who gets Jerusalem and the Temple Mount. So pray for Israel and for
Jerusalem. (Psalms 122:6)

Other things that have been happening here in the US is a push to use the
injectable Bio-chips. (See PZ news bites..article from one of my readers w/
a follow-up of the original Chicago article) Also here in the US there is a
Bill working its way through the House and Senate that is called the
Careers Bill. If passed, this bill will issue EVERYONE a national ID which
will hold your school records, health records, Work records plus ALL your
VERY personal information down to the nitty gritty including who you
associate along with your sexual and religious preferences. It is nicknamed
the Womb to Tomb  Bill.

I have some new WWW site links that I have added over the last few weeks. I
have really added to the Globalists area. Check out the Biosphere Reserves
and UN Heritage lists. I have also added Grant Jeffrey's WWW site to the
Prophecy area. Check Grant out..he is one of my favorite authors.  I am
honored to carry one of his articles for PZ this month and to announce his
WWW site to all of you.

Well that is about all that I can think of right off hand. I want to remind
all you serious news junkies that I have daily news, BUT beware this is NOT
for the light hearted email person. I dump up to 15 pieces of email in your
box everyday. SO if on-line charges bother you, or weeding out your email
or you just can not stand that "YOU HAVE MAIL" voice that AOL has...then
this list is not for you. NOW if you are a info / news junkie, drop me a
note, because I am quick to add you, but I am slow to take you off the list
( he he he he  the power)

In His service,
Ray

Password:
Ephesians 6:10-13 God's Armor

***********************
Peace In The Middle Eastor, The Prelude To War?
By Grant R. Jeffrey

We are living in the most extraordinary generation since Jesus walked in
Jerusalem two thousand years ago. More prophecies have been fulfilled in
our lifetime than in all the generations leading up to 1948. When the
nation of Israel was officially reborn at 12.01 AM, May 15, 1948, the
prophetic clock began ticking inexorably in the final countdown to
Armageddon.

Israel's False Peace

In 1980 YaArafat stated: "Peace for us means the dest its deadly enemy, the
PLO, have signed numerous peace agreements in a process that they promised
would end four decades of deadly warfare in the Middle East. Yasser Arafat
and Yitzhak Rabin took the first tentative steps towards a possible peace
treaty between their two peoples. Since that meeting Israeli forces have
withdrawn from Gaza and major parts of the West Bank including Jericho. The
Palestinians have completed their "democratic" elections in which Yasser
Arafat was proclaimed president of the Palestinian embryonic state. Does
this mean true peace is at hand? Or, will a false peace lead inexorably to
the invasion of Israel by Russia and the Arab states in the War of Gog and
Magog that was prophesied by the ancient prophets of Israel?

The Arab governments and the PLO have offered Israel "peace for land." But
what kind of "peace" are they offering? There are two concepts of "peace"
in the Arab language. One represents a true peace such as Canada and the
U.S.A. enjoy where we genuinely wish the best for our neighbours. The other
Arab concept of "peace" is in reality "an armed truce." During the crusades
Saladin, the great general of the temporarily defeated Muslim armies,
offered the English general, Richard the Lion-Heart, a peace treaty.
However, two years later,after rebuilding his armies, Saladin broke his
agreement and defeated the English armies. In Yasser Arafat's speeches to
Arab audiences, he explained that he will offer Israel "the peace of
Saladin." This proves that he is dishonestly offering Israel only "an armed
truce" rather than true peace. The PLO have not relinquished their
commitment to conquer every inch of the land of Israel. In Yassir Arafat's
speech to a Muslim group in South Africa he told them he was launching a
"Jihad," a holy war, to conquer Jerusalem. In addition he declared that he
was only offering the Jews a "peace" similar to the peace treaty Mohammed
made with his enemy, the powerful Koreish tribe that controlled Mecca. All
Muslims understood his meaning because the Koran tells of how Mohammed
betrayed and destroyed the Koreish. Two years after the treaty was signed,
Mohammed betrayed the Koreish tribe by attacking without warning, killing
their leaders and conquering Mecca. All Palestinian groups uses emblems,
flags and wn to Armageddon.

Israel's False Peace

"Peace for us means the destruction of Israel."
		Yassir Arafat  - 1980

In the last few years the leaders of Israel letterhead that contains maps
showing that all of Israel and the territories must be conquered from the
Jews. The Jewish state does not appear on the official maps of the Arab
nations nor in their p for the future of the Middle East. Incredibly,
instead ofrist bus bombings, the present Israeli Labor government continues
to negotiate away the land given to the Jews by God four thousand years
ago. Arafat openly glorifies the Palestine suicide bombers who kill
innocent Jewish chmen and old men as "shaheedun" tildren, women and old men
as "shaheedun" the Arab word for martyrs. In addition, he provides millions
in aid to the families of these evil terrorist bombers. Only a few weeks
ago Arafat declared that once the Jews retreated totally from Gaza and the
West Bank territories he would invite in up to nine million Palestinians
from other countries to overwhelm the Jewish state. Arafat declared that
the Palestinian would ultimately succeed in eliminating the state of Israel
from the Middle East.

The PLO have oflared that the Palestinians would ultimately succeed in
eliminating the state of Israel from the Middle East.

The PLO have oftelans for the future of the Middle East. Incredibly,
instead of breaking off negotiations with the PLO in light of the
Palestinian's bad faith as revealed by these actions and the horrific
terroas revealed by these actions and the horrific terrorrific terron
declared that their long-term strategy is to eliminate Israel in a plan
called "Liberation by Phases." Yassir Arafat has openly decreed since 1974
that during the first phase of his "Phases Plan" the PLO will establish a
beachhead in Gaza and the West Baence that this peace accord was part of
his 1974 "Liberation by Phases" plan. During interviews many Arab leaders
and individual Arabs have declared they will never be content until they
recover the entire land of Israel from the Jews. Arafat stated in 1980:
"Peace for us means the destruction of Israel." One of the reasons the
Arabs will never accept the right of Israel to exist in the Middle East is
that their Koran teaches that, if a land was ever occupied in the past by
Muslims, then it must be recovered by "Jihad," or holy war.  Although
Yasser Arafat pledged in the Oslo Accords to eliminate references to the
destruction of Israel from the Charter of the Palestine Liberation
Organization, he now refuses to do so. Furthermore, most of his Arab allies
refuse to relinquish their goals to destroy the Jewish state.

The Coming Russian - Arab Invasion of Israel

Bible prophecy provides some insight into the ongoing peace negotiations.
Thousands of years ago the prophet Ezekiel (Chapter 38 & 39) predicted that
a huge confederacy of Arab nations under Russian leadership will join
together to attack Israel after the Jewish exiles have returned to their
homeland. Despite massive changes in Russia the hardliners in the KGB, the
army and military-industrial complex maintain their grip on power. A recent
study of the role of the military in Russia revealed that Boris Yeltsin has
secretly appointed over 14,000 senior military generals to assume command
of every single department of the Russian government including the Health,
Agricultural, Transportation and Mining ministries. No one could rise to
the rank of major in Russian's army unless they were an approved member of
the Russian Communist Party. By this action Yeltsin has allowed the
Communist Party and their military allies to secretly assume control over
every decision in his government. Regardless of who wins the June 1996
elections, the leadership of Russia is firmly in the hands of the Communist
Party, the renamed KGB now called the Foreign Intelligence Service and the
Red Army generals.

The prophet Ezekiel declared that a future military leader of this alliance
will say "I will go up against a land of unwalled villages; I will go to a
peaceful people, who dwell safely, all of them dwelling without walls, and
having neither bars nor gates" (Ezekiel 38:11).  For the last forty-five
years Israel could not "dwell safely." Israel was forced to live as an
armed camp for decades surrounded by two hundred million Arabs. Israel had
to spend more of its budget on defense than any other country. However,
this recent peace process and the blindness of the Israeli leadership may
create a false sense of security and safety over the next few years that
will allow Israel to relax its defenses and "dwell safely."  This peace
agreement may set the stage for the fulfillment of the great War of Gog and
Magog prophesied by the prophet Ezekiel.

This battle will be won by God's spectacular intervention with supernatural
earthquakes and pestilence defeating the combined Russian and Arab armies.
This miraculous deliverance by the hand of God will allow Israel to rebuild
the Third Temple and resume animal sacrifices as described by Daniel
9:24-27. These awesome prophetic events will prepare the way for the
fulfillment of the prophecies of the rise of Antichrist and his signing of
a seven-year treaty with Israel. The treaty will commence a seven-year
countdown to the return of the Messiah and His saints at the Battle of
Armageddon to establish His millennial kingdom. These critical developments
in the Middle East encourage us as believers to live in constant
expectation of the glorious Rapture of the Church to meet our Lord. Jesus
said, "when these things begin to come to pass, then look up, and lift up
your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh"(Luke 21:28). Yet we must live
in a spiritual balance in these last days. Although He may come today He
may also delay His return for a generation because our Lord "is
longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all
should come to repentance"(2 Peter 3:9) We must live and witness to those
around us as though the Rapture will occur tomorrow. Yet we must also plan
and work as though we have a hundred years. Our Lord's command is that we
"Occupy till I come"(Luke 19:13).

The Strategic Importance of Territory

Israel requires military control of the Golan Heights, Gaza and the West
Bank in order to provide the strategic depth to defend itself against the
overwhelming military force of its Arab enemies. Every  military study in
the last twenty five years concluded that Israel cannot be defended by
conventional forces and weapons if it loses military control over these
vital strategic territories. The U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff 1992 study
confirmed Israel could not give up the Golan, Gaza or the West Bank and
expect to survive an Arab invasion. Without the West Bank territory Israel
will be less than nine miles wide at its centre near Tel Aviv where almost
eighty percent of its population lives. In a future conflict enemy armies
could cut Israel in two by attacking from the PLO controlled high ground of
Judea and Samaria (West Bank). The Jewish state could be overrun in a
matter of days. In a future war Israel may be forced to resort to nuclear
weapons from the onset when it finds its small diminished territory about
to be overcome by enemy armies. The Israeli army calls this "the Samson
Option" because it would destroy the Middle East, just as Samson brought
down the temple on his enemies. Despite this grim reality the present
Israeli government has agreed to relinquish these strategic areas. For the
first time since its creation in 1948 Israel's conventional army and air
force will not be able to successfully defend its vital territory and
population from an armed invasion.

We are commanded by God to "Pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall
prosper that love thee" (Psalms 122:6). However, this current peace process
between the PLO and Israel may set the stage for the fulfillment of these
tremendous prophecies leading to the Messiah's return in our generation.
While we would rejoice at the prospects of a true peace in the Middle East
we must recognize that the ancient prophets warned that a false peace will
set the stage for the final conflict that will end with the Battle of
Armageddon. However the prophet Jeremiah warned that in the last days men
would say "Peace, peace! When there is no peace" (Jeremiah 6:14). Our world
will not know true peace until Jesus the Messiah, the Prince of Peace
comes. According to the Bible, real peace will only come to the Middle East
when the coming Messiah changes the hearts of both the Arabs and the Jews.
Then both peoples will dwell as brothers in true peace forever under the
rule of their Messiah.

Based on Grant R. Jeffrey'ss books
PRINCE OF DARKNESS and
FINAL WARNING
Frontier Research Publications Inc.
Box 129, Station "U" Toronto, Ontario M8Z 5M4
To Order Books - Call: 1 - (800) 883 - 1812

********************

Editors Note: I received a great amount of mail regard the Ark article that
first appeared in Prophe-Zine #17. The following is a follow-up to the
article by Jim Pinkoski, who has been working for Ron Wyatt for the past 6
years. I want to thank Jim for coming to me with this VERY important
information. I also want to thank Jim for taking the time to inform
Prophe-Zine and our readers to the important corrections to the article in
PZ # 17.


Ron Wyatt's Discovery of the Ark of the Covenant
by Jim Pinkoski

Issue #17 of Prophe-Zine printed an article entitled "The Ark of the
Covenant" by Arthur & Rosalind Eedie in England.  It explained the story of
the discovery of the Ark of the Covenant by Ron Wyatt who lives in
Nashville, Tennessee.  For the most part their telling of the story was
very well done, but I need to correct and clarify a few of their
statements.

I have worked with Ron Wyatt for the past six years.  I have co-authored
and illustrated two of Ron's magazines, drawn the logo for his newsletter,
and on July 16th, 1993 I had the very special honor and privilege of being
asked to draw the Ark of the Covenant for Ron.  That drawing appeared in
his 4th newsletter.  Then, in June of 1994, when Ron made arrangements to
open up his first museum which is located inside the Gatlinburg Passion
Play Complex, I was appointed to be its manager and curator.  Accordingly,
I have been on hand as Ron's work developed, and I have shown Ron's videos
and materials to hundreds of visitors that have come to "The Museum of
God's Treasures."  The only thing I have not yet done is to go overseas to
work firsthand on Ron's projects.

Comments & Corrections to be made to the Prophe-Zine #17 Article:

1)  This discovery was most definitely made by Ron Wyatt, not Jonathan
Gray.  I have not met this man, but I understand that he is doing hundreds
of presentations throughout Europe, New Zealand, and Australia (where he is
originally from).  When he heard about Ron's discoveries, he had a healthy
skepticism -- and then he visited many of the sites and now he is a firm
supporter of Ron's work.  The only remaining thing I might say here is that
perhaps he needs to state "more clearly" in his presentations that this
discovery was originally made by Ron Wyatt, so that his whole audience
understands this.  The Eedies came away from his meeting mistakenly
thinking that Mr. Gray had made the discovery, which is not the case.

2)  The article states that "the story begins in 1978" when Ron was
swimming in the sea at Ashkelon and stubbed his toe on the rim of a large
burial pot.  They go on to say, "A short while afterwards" Ron is with the
Director of Antiquities at the Calvary Escarpment.  These two events are
switched.  Our "Presentation of Discoveries Video" clearly tells that Ron
was in Jerusalem in 1978 because he had gotten sunburned while diving for
chariot parts in the Red Sea, then the
event with the Director took place wherein Ron's left arm rose and pointed
at the escarpment and his voice said, "That's Jeremiah's Grotto, and the
Ark of the Covenant is in there."  The event of finding the burial pots in
the sea at Ashkelon happened a number of years later when Ron returned to
Jerusalem to continue working on the Ark of the Covenant dig, but he found
out that there had been a turnover in personnel at the Antiquities
Department, and Ron's "lifelong permit" had been rescinded.  It was at this
time that the burial pots were found, and the Antiquities Department
granted Ron a new permit so he could continue working on the Ark of the
Covenant site.

3)  They mention Ron finding "3 post holes."   He actually found a total of
4 cross holes.  This is documented in his "Ark of the Covenant" booklet
that was published in 1995, which is a reprint of Newsletter #12.  The
cross hole that was Christ's was central and on a raised level behind the
other cross holes. Obviously only 2 of the front cross holes were used to
hold the crosses of the 2 thieves, one to Christ's left, and one to
Christ's right.  Jesus' cross was in the middle, closer to the cliff face,
and the ground level was approximately 4 feet higher.

4)  They write that in the back portion of the cave that the Ark "had been
enclosed within a wall, so that only the top of it could be seen," and "as
his eyes became accustomed to the dim light, he realized that he was
looking at two Cherubim with wings outstretched over the Mercy Seat."  This
is incorrect.  Ron has always stated that when he first found it the Ark
was in a stone case, and the case had a stone lid on it.  The lid was
cracked, and the smaller portion of it was moved aside, but still on top of
the stone box.  The ceiling of the cave came right down near the lid, so
close that Ron could not even look over the top edge into the stone case.
But he could see the crack in the roof of the cave above the area of the
broken lid, and he could see a dark substancesplattered on the broken edge
of the lid, indicating that something had dripped or run through the crack
in the ceiling and had gone down into the opening in the lid and into the
stone case.  That is when Ron realized that he was directly under the area
of the cross holes (which he had uncovered a year or so earlier), and this
is when Ron realized that Christ's blood had come down through the crack
that extended from the cross hole that was 20 feet above this cave, and the
blood had gone onto the Mercy Seat of the Ark of the Covenant which was
inside this stone case!  But Ron did not "see" the Ark or the Cherubim
during this first time in the cave.  Both Ron's video and his booklet
explain that he returned another time and drilled a small hole into the
stone case and inserted a colonoscope into the case to be able to see and
identify that the object in the case was truly the Ark.  And the glowing
photo of the Ark was taken sometime after this trip, because that photo
shows that the Ark no longer seems to be "inside" that stone case.  This is
the proper order of these events.

5)  As far as the actual video footage taken of the Ark in that cave, that
footage has never been shown or released.  Even I have never seen it.  The
footage that Arthur & Rosalind Eedie mention seeing in their article is on
Ron's "Presentation of Discoveries Video,"  which only shows one of the
Polaroid photos of the glowing Ark.

6)  The conversation with the angel had fewer words in it, although the
overall content was the same.The angel did not call Ron by name, and when
the angel responded to Ron's questions, the angel merely said, "No" (not
"No, I don't.") The statement about having just come from South Africa and
heading for the New Jerusalem is completely correct.  This event is written
up on page 22 in his "Ark of the Covenant" booklet.

7)  Overall, I thought that the article by Arthur & Rosalind Eedie was very
well written, and very positive.  I hope these few corrections help clarify
things. And I was extremely pleased to hear about the article that was
found in the October 7th, 1995 issue of the "New Scientist" magazine about
the 3 year old boy whose chromosome count was deficient, because I too have
encountered a few individuals who have worked in the medical field who have
stated that Ron's scenario regarding the chromosome count in Christ's blood
is "impossible" and "crazy."   Praise the Lord that the retired doctor in
the Eedies' article found the proof he needed to help him understand that
this arrangement of the chromosomes in Christ's blood is entirely within
the realm of the possible! "And with God ALL things are possible"!
Matthew 19:26.  Amen to that!

The following is the text of the flyer (with a few modifications) that I
hand out in our Museum:

THE DISCOVERY OF THE ARK OF THE COVENANT
Copyright 1994 Wyatt Archaeological Research (W.A.R.)

In 1978 Ron Wyatt was walking along the Calvary Escarpment when something
happened to him that has, so far, only occurred once in his life.  His left
arm raised up and pointed to the escarpment and his voice said, "That'
Jeremiah's Grotto, and the Ark of the Covenant is in there."  Ron had no
control of what he said, it was the Lord giving him those words to speak.
He was walking with a man who was the head of the Israeli Antiquities
Department, and this man said, "That's wonderful!  We'll not only furnish
the permit, we'll put you up in a place to stay, have your laundry done and
furnish your meals!"

Ron and his two sons came back several times over the next few years and
spent hundreds of hours digging at that location.  Ron says that he finally
found and entered the cave that contains the Ark of the Covenant on January
6th, 1982.

On this trip his two sons became sick and had to return home early.  Ron
continued working in the cramped and convoluted cave system with only a
young Arab boy as his assistant.  Ron found a small opening in a wall of a
tunnel that had a 16 inch stalactite hanging down in front of it which
almost appeared to be "guarding" the tiny hole.  He broke off the
stalactite, and, thinking that this was probably just going to be another
"dead end," he widened the opening to make it large enough for his young
co-worker to enter.  The boy squeezed in through the tiny opening, but
before Ron could hand him a flashlight to look around in the chamber, the
lad came scurrying out of that chamber as fast as he could, shaking and
shouting, "What's in there?  What's in there??"  He was scared to death!
The young boy refused ever again to enter that cave system.  Ronsays that
he now lives outside Israel, and  because of governmental visitor
regulations he cannot re-enter the country.  After seeing the behavior of
his helper, Ron became excited about inspecting this part of the cave
system, so he widened the opening and crawled in.  He was all by himself in
that cave system.

During the previous excavations in this area, Ron had found what he
believed to be the location of Christ's crucifixion.  It took place along
the face of the Calvary Escarpment.  In various movies, etc., it is
commonly "assumed" that the crucifixion took place on the "top" of a hill
and that the crosses stood upright with nothing but sky around and above
them.  But that is not stated so in the Bible.  John 19:41 says, "Now in
the place WHERE HE WAS CRUCIFIED there was a garden; and in the garden a
new sepulchre."  Ron is a firm believer that the Garden Tomb is the true
burial place of Jesus, and that Christ was crucified up against what is
known as the Calvary Escarpment, very near Golgotha and the Garden Tomb.
Ron first found what he believed to be 3 cutouts in the cliff face, where 3
large signs might have been posted around the cross in the 3 different
languages.

When Christ died on the cross, "the rocks were rent."  That earthquake
split the escarpment, and also caused a large crack to appear in the ground
to the left side of the hole that held Christ's cross.  Ron says that he
located a total of 4 cross holes in this area, and they are approximately
14 feet under the current ground level.  The cross hole that we believe
held Christ's cross was 13 inches by 14 inches in width, and 23 and 1/2
inches deep, and there was a stone "plug" in the top of the cross hole that
was squarish and approximately 8 inches thick.

When Christ died on the cross and the Centurion stabbed Him in the side
with his spear, Christ's blood and water flowed out.  He was stabbed into
His left side under the 5th rib, and directly into the spleen.  Christ's
blood went into the large crack in the ground at the base of the cross, and
it continued underground through the split in the rocks caused by the
earthquake -- and the blood of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, went upon the
Mercy Seat of the Ark of the Covenant that was buried in a cave that was
approximately 20 feet right below the crucifixion site!

When Ron entered that cave for the very first time at 2 p.m. in the
afternoon of January 6th, 1982, this is what he saw:  There was very little
room for him to crawl around, because the things in the cave left only
about a foot and a half of crawl space between them and the ceiling of the
cave.  Ron was crawling on top of rocks, which were on the top of boards,
which were on top of animal skins.  When he shined his flashlight down
between the rocks, he saw that much of the wood and furs were rotted away,
and he saw "gold" glittering underneath the rocks.  Moving a number of the
stones aside, he partially uncovered what he recognized to be a gold
veneered table with a raised moulding around the side which consisted of an
alternating pattern of a bell and a pomegranate -- it was the Table of
Shewbread!   Then Ron shined his flashlight around the cave to see what
else he could see, and at the far side of the cave he saw a stone box which
was of the approximate size which could hold the Ark of the Covenant!  And
he saw that directly above the stone box was a crack in the ceiling of the
cave.

Ron crawled closer to get a better look.  The stone lid of the box was
cracked, and the smaller portion of the lid was moved aside a short
distance.  There was a dark dried substance on part of the stone lid where
it was broken.  Looking at the crack in the ceiling, Ron suddenly realized
what had taken place here nearly 2,000 years ago!  Overwhelmed with emotion
and double pneumonia, Ron passed out for 45 minutes in that chamber.

THE BLOOD

When the Lord says, "It's time," Ron will return and re-enter that cave and
take along with him a camera crew and one or more genetic scientists.  We
will see them remove the objects from that cave, and we will see them take
a sample of Christ's blood (there is a dried puddle of it on the Mercy
Seat!), and we will see the test results of that extremely unique blood!
Ron says that he has already tested his own sample, and he knows what the
results will be.  Remember, Ron has worked as a nurse anesthetist for over
20 years, and he's seen lots of blood.

Normal human blood has 46 chromosomes.  When a child is conceived, 23
chromosomes come from the mother (all of these are "X" chromosomes), and 23
come from the father parent.  If the child is to be a male child, a "Y"
chromosome is provided by the father, and that chromosome designates that
the child will be a male.

The blood of Jesus only had A TOTAL OF 24 CHROMOSOMES!  There were 23 from
His earthly human mother, AND ONLY ONE "Y" CHROMOSOME FROM HIS HEAVENLY
FATHER!  No other human blood like this has ever existed on the earth!  The
scientific term for this is "ploidy," or "haploid."  Ron says that there
have been known examples of females born with only half the normal
chromosome count -- 23 -- but never a male child, because the father parent
has to provide the distinctive "Y" chromosome!  Thus God will
SCIENTIFICALLY prove beyond all doubt that Jesus was no mere "good teacher"
or "just a good man" -- JESUS WAS THE DIVINE SON OF GOD!

THE TEN COMMANDMENTS

We will also see the Ten Commandments removed from the Ark of the Covenant.
Hopefully they will go on display and travel around the world like the King
Tut Exhibit, and you and I will actually get to see them "in person"!  Ron
says that he has SEEN the Ten Commandment stones.  He says that they look
as if someone wrote in soft butter with their finger and then turned them
to stone.

A number of very important artifacts are there in that cave.  In the back
"side" of the Ark, on a leather scroll, are 4 of the the first 5 books of
the Bible (Ron says that Genesis is missing).  He says that the leather
scroll is as fresh and supple as the day it was written.  Just as the shoe
leather of theIsraelites did not wear out in the desert, this leather has
also remained in perfect condition and shows no deterioration.  What about
Aaron's rod that budded, and the pot of manna?  They are no longer in the
Ark, just as 1 Kings 8:9 says.  But Ron says that all the major furnishings
of the first Temple were there in the cave, the 7 branched Candlestick, the
Golden Altar of Incense, the Table of Shewbread -- and there was also a 5
foot 2 inch sword (that is most likely Goliath's sword), an Ephod, a Miter
with an ivory pomegranate on the tip, a brass shekel weight, and numerous
oil lamps.

CLOSING COMMENTS

Many people ask, "When will we get to see the Ark?"  Ron does not know
exactly when this wonderful and solemn event will happen, but he feels that
the time is imminent.  He says that there are 4 angels guarding the Ark,
and that over the years 5 people have died attempting to interfere or take
over the dig -- and Ron says that it will not be finished until God says,
"It is time."

All the documentation that we have available about this dig is on Ron's
"Presentation of Discoveries Video" (available for $30 plus s&h, and it
also includes documentation on 4 other of Ron's very important
discoveries), and in the 35-page "Ark of the Covenant" booklet which tells
many more of the details (available for $10 plus s&h).  The official policy
statement from W.A.R. is that this is all the documentation that will be
released in regard to the Ark of the Covenant discovery up until the time
the project is to be completed. Documentation on the analysis of the blood
is *not* available at this time.

We invite people to come see Ron Wyatt's material in "The Museum of God's
Treasures," located in the Gatlinburg Passion Play Complex in Gatlinburg,
Tennessee.  The museum phone number is 423-436-7644.  We also invite people
to visit our World Wide Web page.  The address is:
http://199.190.118.223/ark/war.htm     We are in the process of up loading
ALL of Ron's discoveries onto the Web, but the Ark of the Covenant material
is being saved for last.   If you wish to see this material now, please
order a copy of the video and the booklet.   The total cost would be $44.
My CompuServe e-mail address is 74532,737@Compuserve.com

*********************
The Four Main Approaches To Understanding The Book Of Revelation.

By David M. Williams
dave@maths.newcastle.edu.au


INTRODUCTION

      Over the last 1900 years, four primary  understandings of the Book of
Revelation have developed -  the Idealist, Preterist, Historicist and
Futurist  viewpoints.  These understandings are distinct with their  own
notable characteristics.  Horton believes that part  of the reason for this
incompatible variety stems from  whether the hermeneutics employed tend to
interpret the  Bible more literally or figuratively (Horton, 1994, p.
619).  As will be explained however, there are stronger  reasons for the
variety, which pertain to one's  objectivity.


IDEALIST

      The Idealist believes simply that Revelation does  not refer to any
historical or future event at all;  rather it is a timeless allegory of the
conflict between  good and evil (Stern, 1992, p. 784) - a description of
the spiritual principles of God that equip one for  spiritual battles,
which constantly confront the Church  (Goswiller, n.d., p. 5).

      This view originated with the Alexandrian School of  Theology
represented by Clement and Origen, who  (consistent with their other
teachings) taught that the  "true spiritual interpretation" of the book
could only be  discovered through an allegorical interpretation
(Goswiller, n.d., p. 5; Wilson, n.d., p. 15).

      Nevertheless, though the book does have many  symbolic figures, they
all represent realities.  The  Antichrist is called a beast, but he will be
a real  person and will fulfill plain statements given in other  prophecies
(such as II Thessalonians 2:3-12).  Jesus must  personally come to bring
about the final triumph (Horton,  1994, p. 619).

      The Idealist view does not appear to have much  serious support, its
deficiencies being apparent.  Morris  (1980, p. 1338) states, "The
difficulty is that the seer  does claim to be prophesying of later days".
Wilson  (n.d., p. 6) writes, "The results of this method were not
satisfactory, for each interpreter understood the symbols  and figures
according to his own ideas".  Jensen (1981,  p. 498) goes as far as to
claim that this view is anemic.


PRETERIST

      The Preterist view derives its name from the Latin  word praeter
meaning "past".  It attempts to relate all  of Revelation except for the
very end to events in the  first century, with Rome and its early emperors,
particularly Nero, being the only principals (Horton,  1994, p. 619).

      Kenneth Gentry (n.d.) sustains this position by  appealing to 1:9 ("I
John, who also am your brother, and  companion in the tribulation") as
evidence that "the"  tribulation was a reality in John's time (although
most  translations do not render the verse this way).  Gentry  continues,
citing the continual warnings, "He that has an  ear, let him hear"
(Revelation 2:7, 11, 17, 29; 3:6, 13,  22) as evidence that the events of
Revelation were taking  place in that day.

      Gentry further appeals to Revelation 17 where a  vision of the
seven-headed beast is recorded, verses 9  and 10 explaining,

    Here is the mind which hath wisdom.  The seven heads
    are seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth.  And
    there are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is,
    and the other is not yet come; and when he cometh he
    must continue a short space.

      Gentry (n.d.) proceeds to explain that the seven  mountains represent
the famous seven hills of Rome.  The  seven heads also have a political
reference, being  simultaneously seven kings.  Gentry states,

    It surely is no accident that Nero was the sixth
    emperor of Rome.  Flavius Josephus, the Jewish
    contemporary of John, clearly points out that Julius
    Caesar was the first emperor of Rome and that he was
    followed in succession by Augustus, Tiberius, Caius,
    Claudius, and, sixthly, Nero (Antiquities, books 18
    and 19).

      Gentry next enlists the aid of the number of the  Beast from
Revelation 13:18 to prove "Nero and Nero alone  fits the bill as the
specific or personal expression of  the Beast" (Gentry, n.d.), stating

    A Hebrew spelling of Nero Caesar's name was Nrwn Qsr.
    . . . It has been documented by archaeological finds
    that a first century Hebrew spelling of Nero's name
    provides us with precisely the value of 666.

      Although Preterists believe that the last two  chapters of Revelation
pertain to the future (Jensen,  1981, p. 498), the essence of their
position is that the  events of Revelation arose

    out of conditions in the Roman empire of the 1st
    century AD.  The seer was appalled at the
    possibilities for evil inherent in the Roman empire
    and he used symbolic imagery to protest against it,
    and to record his conviction that God would intervene
    to bring about what pleased him (Morris, 1980, p.
    1338).

      Nevertheless, despite Gentry's firm belief, one  must conclude that
the Preterist position is untenable.   It overlooks the fact that the book
calls itself a  prophecy (1:3).  Mickelsen finds fault with the Preterist
understanding of the mark of the Beast, stating,

    Nero Caesar in Hebrew letters comes out right if the
    consonants are NRWN QSR.  But in the Talmud the word
    Caesar is spelled QYSR.  If this is adopted, the
    total numerical value comes to 676.  In Greek, of
    course, no form of Nero Caesar comes to 666
    (Mickelsen, 1963, p. 202; also Morris, 1980, p.
    1338).

      Finally, the Preterist view is highly dependant on  Revelation having
been written before 70 A.D., yet the  evidence for a 95/96 A.D. date is
overwhelming  (Goswiller, n.d., p. 3), Irenaeus even explicitly stating
that John wrote the book during Domitian's reign  (Glasson, 1965, p. 8;
Morris, 1980, p. 1338).


HISTORICIST

      The Historicist view of Revelation attempts to map  the events
described in the book to historical events,  providing a panorama of the
history of the Church from  the days of John to the end of time (Ryrie,
1978, p.  1785).

      Thomas Foster (1983, p. 8), co-founder of the  Christian Revival
Crusade, sees the seven Churches in  chapters two and three of Revelation
as being an overview  of the entire Church age (which many Futurists would
also  believe).  Chapters four to 19 of Revelation are claimed  to be a
more in-depth view of Church history, with the  Millennium being described
in chapter 20.  According to  Foster (1983, p. 123), "the Millennium proper
commences  about 2000 A.D." although the Laodicean period finished  in 1967
(Foster, 1983, p. 18) with the six-day war in  Israel.

      Foster's views are strongly anti-Catholic.  The  beast worship of
Revelation 13 is related to allegiance  to the Papal Empire in 533 B.C
(Foster, 1983, p. 68).   The mark of the beast is the Latin language
(lateinus  having the value 666) which is significant because Pope
Vitallian issued a decree commanding the exclusive use of  Latin in all
services of the Catholic Church in 666 A.D.  (Foster, 1983, p. 74-75).
Further, the battle of  Armageddon is claimed to be nothing more than
Russian  Communism challenging Britain and the USA for supremacy
(Foster, 1983, p. 94), Britian and the USA having  replaced Israel, and
Communism being related to Roman Catholicism.

      This view is fraught with complications - its  interpretations are
subjective and internally  inconsistent.  Foster, for example, believes
that the 42  months of blasphemies by the beast refers to 1260 years  of
Papal power from 606 A.D. to 1866 A.D. (Foster, 1983,  p. 68).
Nevertheless, the closest Foster can come to a  historical event for this
is the capturing of Rome by  Italy in 1870 (Foster, 1983, p. 89).  One must
also  question the hermeneutic involved in "a day stands for a  year"
(Foster, 1983, p. 55) used to achieve certain dates  in this scheme.

      Further, Morris (1980, p. 1338) states, "It is  difficult to see why
the outline of history should
confine itself to W[estern] Europe, especially since in  earlier days at
least much of the expansion of  Christianity was in E[astern] lands."
Finally,  Historicist adherers tend to continually rework the whole
interpretation to come out in their own generation  (Horton, 1994, p. 619;
Morris, 1980, p. 1338).  This has  been the case with Historicists in the
past and  undoubtedly certain of Foster's dates would now be  different.


FUTURIST

      Although the three views given above may entail  some recognition of
predictive prophecy in Revelation,  not one of them permit Eschatological
derivations to be  made.  The fourth manner in which Revelation may be
understood is the Futurist viewpoint, which views most of  the book
(chapters 4 - 22) as prophecy yet to be  fulfilled.  Ryrie (1978, p. 1785)
believes this to be the
only logical interpretation if one is to interpret the  text plainly.
Similarly, Walvoord states that the  Futurist (in particular,
pre-millenial, pre- tribulationism) viewpoint is the only one which most
literally follows scripture under "consistent and proper  hermeneutics"
(Walvoord, 1978, p. 270).

      Nevertheless, the Futurist viewpoint itself  contains a number of
variant views.  The seven Churches  in chapters two and three, for example,
may be seen in a  Preterist manner (that is, relating solely to the Church
in the first century) or a Historicist manner (that is,  reflecting the
history of the Church).  Yonggi Cho, for  example, holds to the latter
view, with the Laodecian  Church reflecting the Church from 1905 until the
Tribulation (Cho, 1991, p. 47).  The most reasonable  view, however, is the
Characteristic Interpretation where  the letters, while still written to
physical Churches in  John's day, present a picture of the continuous
conditions of the Church throughout history - that is, at  any given time
there will be an "Ephesian" Church, a  "Laodicean" Church and so on
(Goswiller, n.d., p. 13).

      Another area for consideration is the millennium,  which has its
basis in Revelation 20 - "He threw him  [Satan] into the Abyss, and locked
and sealed it over  him, to keep him from deceiving the nations any more
until the thousand years were ended" (20:3); "They came  to life and
reigned with Christ a thousand years" (20:4,  also 20:5, 7).  "Millennium"
means a thousand years, and  Christian thought is divided into three
categories over  the millennium.  Amillennialists believe that the
millennium is not a literal period of time, rather

    the millennial kingdom is not future but is spiritual
    and is in progress at the present time.  There is no
    distinction between the Church and Israel and Satan
    is actually bound now through the victory of Jesus at
    the cross and Christ reigns in the world in the
    hearts of his followers (Goswiller, n.d., p. 2).

      Post-millennialists believe that the millennium is  a literal
thousand year period, but in contrast to  Revelation's chronological
ordering, "Christ will have a  spiritual reign which will last for 1,000
years.  His  second coming follows the thousand year reign"  (Goswiller,
n.d., p. 2).  A flaw in post-millennial  thinking is that Christ's
spiritual reign is to come  about because "the present gospel message will
root out  all the evils of the world" (Goswiller, n.d., p. 2).   This
notion was first perpetuated by Augustine who  claimed that the
ever-increasing influence of the Church  would overturn evil in the world
before Christ's return  (Zoba, 1995, p. 20).  The Bible however indicates
that  the world's condition will worsen in the last days (I  Timothy 4:1-3;
II Timothy 3:1-5).

      During the Middle Ages the thought of a literal  millennium was
generally regarded as heretical (Berkhof,  1975, p. 263), but the faith of
the early Church was  undoubtedly chiliasm - an ill-defined pre-millennial
outlook (Berkhof, 1975, p. 262; Zoba, 1995, p. 21) which  anticipated
Christ's literal thousand year reign after  His Second Coming.

      Again, the Futurist viewpoint is divided over  chapters four to 19.
While all recognise the seven year  Great Tribulation, the timing of the
rapture is in dispute, the rapture being the "catching up" described in  I
Thessalonians 4:13-18 and I Corinthians 15:51-52.   Post-tribulationists
believe that the rapture occurs  after the Tribulation.  This means that
the Church must  endure the Tribulation, and Willmington (n.d., p. 825)
dismises this view by appealing to I Thessalonians 5:9  ("For God did not
appoint us to suffer wrath but to  receive salvation through our Lord Jesus
Christ").  Mid- tribulationists believe that the rapture occurs midway
through the Tribulation, and finally pre-tribulationists  believe that the
rapture occurs prior to the Tribulation.   It is important to note that
"only in relation to the  premillennial position does the issue of when the
rapture  takes place arise; for Post- and Amillennialists, the  rapture is
vaguely identified with the Messiah's one and  only return" (Stern, 1992,
p. 623).

      To realise the time of the rapture one must  recognise that the
Tribulation is not merely a time of  suffering or persecution (indeed,
Christ said, "in this  world you will have tribulation" in John 16:33).  It
is  rather a time of God's wrath being outpoured on the  earth.  People
will cry to the mountains and rocks, "Fall  on us and hide us from the face
of him who sits on the  throne and from the wrath of the Lamb!  For the
great day  of their wrath has come, and who can stand?" (Revelation
6:16-17).  Just as God delivered Noah and his family from  God's wrath
(Genesis 7:6-7) and Lot and his daughters  (Genesis 19:14) and even the
Israelites (Exodus 7:18;  8:3, 21-22; 9:3-4; 10:22-23; 11:6-7), so too the
Church  shall be saved from the coming Tribulation by the rapture  - for
the Church looks for "His Son from heaven who has  delivered us from the
wrath to come" (I Thessalonians 1:10).


CONCLUSION

      Four (main) views of the Book of Revelation exist;  obviously not all
can be simultaneously correct.  While  pondering the area of modern-day
miracles, former Dallas  Theological Seminary professor, Jack Deere, made
the  conclusion,

    . . . . the majority of what Christians believe is
    not derived from their own patient and careful study
    of the Scriptures.  The majority of Christians
    believe what they believe because godly and respected
    teachers told them it was correct.  (Deere, 1993, p.
    47).

      This is not necessarily negative, however.  Many  Christians believe
in the deity of Jesus, for example,  and believe the Scriptures teach this,
but they could  never defend His deity from the Scriptures, nor did they
personally come to this belief through their own study of  the Scriptures.
It is part of the tradition that has  been handed down to them by teachers.
In this case, they
benefit from tradition because this particular tradition  is fully
supported by Scripture.  Nevertheless, for this  reason, many notions have
been propagated which are not  Scripturally sound.

      Revelation should not be an overwhelming mystery.   John wrote to
reveal, not to conceal truth, "revelation"  meaning an "opening up,
uncovering" (Gentry, n.d.).  The  facts have been presented and conclusions
may be drawn.   Everyone is encouraged to read Revelation; a blessing is
promised to those who persevere in its study -

    Blessed is he who reads, and they that hear the words
    of this prophecy, and keep those things which are
    written therein: for the time is at hand (Revelation
    1:3).


WORKS CITED

Berkhof, L. 1975 (1937). The History of Christian
     Doctrines, Baker Book House, Michigan.

Cho, P. Y. 1991. Revelation, Word Books, Milton Keynes.

Deere, J. 1993. Surprised by the Power of the Spirit,
     Zondervan, Michigan.

Foster, T. 1983. Amazing Book of Revelation Explained!,
     Crusade Centre, Victoria.

Gentry, K. L. n.d. The Beast of Revelation Identified,
     Southern California Centre for Christian Studies,
     California.

Glasson, T. F. 1965. The Revelation of John, Cambridge
     University Press, Cambridge.

Goswiller, R. n.d. Revelation, Pacific Study Series,
     Melbourne.

Horton, S. M. 1994. 'The Last Things', in Systematic
     Theology: A Pentecostal Perspective, ed. S. M.
     Horton, Logion Press, Springfield.

Jensen, I. L. 1981. Jensen's Survey of the New Testament,
     Moody Press, Chicago.

Mickelsen, A. B. 1963. Interpreting the Bible, Wm. B.
     Eerdmans Publishing Company, Michigan.

Morris, L. L. 1980. 'Revelation, Book of', in The
     Illustrated Bible Dictionary, ed. F. F. Bruce,
     Inter-Varsity Press.

Ryrie, C. 1978. The Ryrie Study Bible, Moody Press,
     Chicago.

Stern, D. 1992. Jewish New Testament Commentary, Jewish
     New Testament Publications, Inc., Maryland.

Walvoord, J. 1978. The Rapture Question, Zondervan,
     Michigan.

Willmington, n.d. Willmington's Guide to the Bible,
     Pacific College Study Series, Melbourne.

Wilson, C. n.d. The Book of Revelation, Pacific College
     Study Series, Melbourne.

Zoba, W. 1995. 'Future Tense', Christianity Today, vol.
     39, no. 11.

This essay is free for distribution in any manner, with the provision that
it remains completely intact, with this notice, the author's name and the
full text of the essay.  Any comments are gratefully welcomed.  Copyright
1996.

***************************
>From The United Nations To The United Religions
by Berit Kjos

"We're on the threshold of the first global civilization," said Episcopal
Bishop William A. Swing shortly before leaving on a world tour to build
support for his dream: a United Religions, modeled after the United
Nations, where representatives of the world's religions would unite instead
of fight. "As we become one global unit, we have to find out where religion
is in regard to our global tribe."

Like the Gorbachev Foundation, the United Religions would be headquartered
on the Presidio, the former U.S. army base overlooking the San Francisco
Bay. Here the world's spiritual representatives would debate "the great
issues" of our times, put aside their suspicions, and learn to cooperate.

The bishop of the California diocese began his world tour on February 7
with $150,000 in seed money and some powerful allies. "There are a lot of
people all over the world giving me a green light and saying, 'It's time.
This is the right thing to do. Please go for it," Bishop Swing told Richard
Scheinin, religion reporter for the  San Jose Mercury News  (2-3-96). Among
them are South Africa's Archbishop Desmond Tutu, "the Islamic head of the
Supreme Court of Pakistan," and the Dalai Lama. The Tibetan Buddhist leader
is "giving me his 'unconditional commitment' to make sure this happens,"
said Swing.
	
According to Scheinin, the Episcopal bishop will visit Mother Teresa in
Calcutta, the Dalai Lama in India, King Hussein in Jordan, "high-level
Muslim leaders in Cairo, and rabbis in Jerusalem." He will also stop in
Istanbul, Rome, and Canterbury to invite representatives from the world's
"great spiritual traditions" to a 1997 United Religions meeting in San
Francisco. Here, at the birthplace of the U.N. charter, they would write
and sign a U.R. charter.

"You can work in terms of the model of the U.N., where you have the General
Assembly and the Security Council," explained Swing. "There has to be some
kind of division between folks who have been around a long time with a lot
of clout, and those who have been here a short time. . . . If you take the
Muslim and the Roman Catholic voices, each has more than a billion people."

Swing's U.R. would offer more than formal debates and peace-making
resolutions. He envisions "a gathering place" where religious leaders could
share their sacred treasures with the public. The doors would be open
daily, welcoming spiritual seekers eager to hear the sacred scriptures,
music, prayers and wisdom usually hidden behind the cloistered doors of
unapproachable sages.
		
"I'm interested in people's reactions to your project," Scheinin told
Bishop Swing. "Do many say you're unrealistic?"
	
"Some say it could never happen because the great religions have such deep
suspicions of each other," Swing answered. "Or because some of the
religions think the others are of the devil, and they are of God. It's such
a chaotic, irrational field out there that no order could come out of that
chaos. That's the argument."
	
"How do you answer that?"
	
"Fifty years ago, when people were trying to get the United Nations
together, the same arguments could have been used. The nations had warred
against each other for so long. . .  that no one would ever come to a table
and accept any mutually agreed-upon authority. But the nations of all the
people of the world did it, so why can't the religions of all the people do
it?"

 Many will, for spiritual and political leaders around the world already
share Swing's expensive dream. International conferences such as the
Parliament of World Religions, Mikhail Gorbachev's State of the World
Forum, and the United Nations' fiftieth anniversary celebrations linked
thousands of globalists determined to unify the world and establish a
global ethic and a common belief system. The new international education
system, mandated in our nation through Goals 2000, will assess and track
our children's values to make sure they conform. The time is ripe.
Spiritual unity fits the philosophy of our age: everything is changing, so
compromise, cooperate, unify and adapt.

 The only people who can't join the converging streams toward oneness are
Christians who base their faith on the Bible. They know only one God, one
sacred Book, and one door to eternal life. They can accept no other and
must refuse to mold their beliefs to fit an all-inclusive global
spirituality.

No wonder globalists call these uncompromising Christians narrow and
intolerant "extremists" who block unity. In the end, we may be the only
ones who resist the totalitarian unity planned for the 21st century.  It
may cost our lives. "If they persecuted Me, they will also persecute you,"
said Jesus. (John 15:20)

But we are on the winning side. Neither the U.N. nor the U.R. can meet the
hopes of their makers, for they scorn the God who alone can bring peace on
earth. "Why do the nations rage, and the people plot a vain thing?" asks
the psalmist who sees the absurdity of arrogant little humans mocking their
Maker. In the end, they reap destruction, for the God of the universe will
not long permit alternative gods to reign. But "blessed are all those who
put their trust in Him. (Psalm 2)

_________________________________________________________
For practical information about the new international education system and
its strategies for producing global citizens with common beliefs and
values, read Brave New Schools by Berit Kjos. Available in Christian
bookstores or call 800-829-5646.


Bio Information

Berit Kjos
14710 Manuella Road
Los Altos Hills, CA 94022
Fax: (415) 941-9352

Berit Kios is a widely respected researcher, the author of books and
magazine articles, a popular conference speaker, and a concerned parent who
has extensively studied current education systems.

Kjos first became aware of New Age and occult influences in our society at
a 1974 conference on holistic health.  As a registered nurse, she was
interested in methods of healing, but soon discovered that the occult
powers found in New Age methods brought bondage instead of true healing.
As a parrot, Kjos became aware of similar New Age influences in education.
She began to monitor the schools for classroom programs that taught
occultism and New Age spirituality, then began to share what she learned
with other parents and teachers.

Now a popular speaker for churches, Christian schools, and homeschooling
groups nationwide, Kjos has given workshops and seminars at conferences
such as the Association for Christian Schools International.  She has
spoken at conferences for such groups as the Constitutional Coalition,
Child Evangelism Fellowship, Concerned Women for America, and Citizens for
Excellence in Education.

Kjos' newest book, Brave New Schools, surveys the scene in today's public
schools and provides guidelines for parents who are concerned about their
children's education. Kjos shows how myth, feeling, imagination, and
politically correct stories are replacing truth, facts, logic, and history
in the classroom. She also explains what programs such as Goals 2000 are
all about, and why all students-even homeschoolers-eventually will be
required to demonstrate competence in the new social and thinking skills
before they can move on to higher education or jobs.

Kjos is also the author of Your Child and the New Age, Under the Spell of
Mother Earth, and A Wardrobe from the King. Her articles have appeared in
magazines such as Virtue, Moody, Servant, Focus on the Family, and the
Chrsitian Conscience. Kjos has also written numerous Bible study guides,
booklets, and devotional.

A frequent guest on national radio and television programs, Kjos has been
interviewed on The 700 Club, Point of View, Bible Answer Man, Beverly
LaHaye Live, Crosstalk, CBN Radio, Family Radio Network, and many more.


PERSONAL BACKGROUND:
Berit Kjos has authored four books, Your Child and the New Age, Under the
Spell of Mother Earth, Brave New Schools,  and A Wardrobe from the King, a
Bible study showing how to wear the Armor of God.  These books were written
to encourage Christian families to resist the New Age and Neo-pagan
influences that are transforming America.  A 1974 conference on Holistic
Health first introduced Berit, a registered nurse, to the enticing
"universal force" of the New Age. While writing Bible studies and training
leaders, she saw the need to show children the basic differences between
New Age teaching and Biblical truth--and to help them know and love the
truths that counter deception.


Berit Kjos' newest book Brave New Schools, shows how the goals of education
have been turned upside-down.  Socialization--learning global beliefs and
values and politically correct behavior--have replaced academics as the
main outcome of education.  You may hear nice-sounding promises, but
factual learning and individual thinking are out, feelings and group
thinking are in.  If this international system is put in place by AD 2001
as planned, all children will be monitored through a national computerized
data transmission system designed to build a permanent, personal file on
every child.  No one will be safe from the watchful eyes of those who
control the new "school-to-work" system-not children taught at home or in
private schools, not their parents, not anyone.  So be informed. Learn what
you can do to help preserve our families and freedoms.

************************

Prophe-Zine News Bites


Historically Normal?
By Zola Levitt
May 96 Issue of the Levitt Letter

We receive all sorts of letters at a ministry with so wide an outreach.
Time magazine once proudly published the number of letters it receives per
year, and I was surprised to see that we receive more than they do. Among
these are the usual congratulations and complaints. But now and then I
receive a letter so noteworthy in the position it takes that I want to call
it to everyone's attention. The letter that follows is very cleverly
written and puts forth a view of Israel which I'm afraid is becoming very
popular. I have included a lengthy reply, and a copy of this newsletter
will go to the writer of this letter.

Dear Sir:

During the wee small hours a few nights ago, I caught a bit of your
broadcast on television. You were most convincing. You must be a wonderful
salesman. You must understand, however, that to many of us, while the
actions of Israel are historically normal, no attempt should be made to
excuse those actions morally.

For example, it was normal for the colonists to take over the land they
found on the North American continent. It was not morally right that they
annihilated the majority of the native population they found there and have
not to this day stopped persecuting.

It sounds an off-key note when you revile Arafat as a terrorist, but never
mention Begin's rather unsavory history. When one compares the number of
casualties between Israelis and Palestinians during the past years, it is
obvious that the Israelis are winning the war. Does it place the Israelis
in a higher moral position? The answer is, of course, that it does not.

I, for one, do not blame Israel for any actions taken in conquering
Palestine. They are historically normal. The strong (and those with strong
allies) always take what they want from those who are
weak or without strong friends. Yes, alas it is true -- might makes right.
It is also true that might does not make moral right. I am offended when
you try to convince me that it does.

I recall a moment years ago in school, during a "Current Events" reading
and discussion, when I asked the teacher, "But where will the people who
live there now go?" Her reply showed her a fool, although I did not know it
at the time. She said, "Oh, they are all Bedouin. They just move around all
the time. They don't need homes."

The Israelites must do what they must do to oust the Palestinians. I have
no quarrel with that. Christians in quest for wealth, power and territorial
rights have always followed the same path. That does not make it a
Christian ethic. I cannot appreciate your effort to make me see it that
way.

Most sincerely, P.K.

Dear P.K.:

Regarding your first point, yes, we Americans did annihilate the population
on this continent. The Israelis, however, did not do this to the
Palestinians. As for the Israelis winning the "war," during
the five years or so of the Intifada there were something like 750
Palestinians killed (some by their own people for being "collaborators"
with Israel). The Israelis had 2,500 casualties in the 1973 war alone.

You compare Arafat with Begin, but Arafat is a self-proclaimed terrorist
who gladly took credit for his terrorist activities. Begin was a freedom
fighter, opposed to the British occupation of Israel. Arafat has certainly
been responsible for far more deaths than Begin was. And these were
innocent civilians, as with the Munich athletes, the Achille Lauro cruise
ship, and Pan Am 103, just to mention a few PLO exploits, proudly claimed.
Begin was an official elected to serve the people, and he retired at the
end of his career. Arafat has been a dictator for 30 years, only "elected"
now for the first time.

You state that the strong take what they want from the weak, but the
Palestinians are not weak and Israel is not strong. In the Middle East,
there are 250 million Arabs, compared to 4.5 million Israelis. And the
current situation is the exact opposite of that stated in the first
sentence of your final paragraph: the Palestinians are doing what they can
to oust the Israelis, and with the blessing of the whole world.

In all candor, I think your letter betrays you as simply a person who
dislikes Israel, and probably the Jewish people. Generally when one argues
passionately, he or she may accidentally distort one or two facts. But
every "fact" in your letter is a distortion. While I am plainly in favor of
Israel and say so gladly, you hide behind some intellectual neutrality,
calling the supposed sins of Israel "historically normal." To tell you the
truth, I don't think you are being perfectly honest.

The teacher you mentioned was obviously not well-informed about the Israeli
situation, and that is probably why you quote her. In reality, the
Palestinians live better than Arabs in any Arab country. They certainly
don't have to "move around all the time." They're the only Arabs in the
Arab world privileged to live in a democracy (despite the recent PLO
"elections"). If they
would cooperate with Israel rather than fight them at every turn, they
would be embraced into a democracy, as were your ancestors and mine in the
United States. When my father came from Latvia, he did not claim this land
for Latvia or say, however preposterously, that his people were here first.
He was glad to participate in a democracy. He got a job and put three kids
through graduate school.

In the last paragraph of your letter, you tie Christians in with the moral
"wrongs" you are addressing. Those you accuse of these crimes obviously are
not Christians, as defined by the Lord's dictum, "By this shall all men
know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another" (John
13:35).

Shalom,
Zola

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

Israel And The New World Order
From: Michael Alter <malter@mdc.com>

The Middle East has been on my heart lately and the Lord has given me a
fresh annointing over the weekend to help me put the conflict into a
spiritual perspective.  I would like to share my thoughts on the matter for
your consideration.  Your comments would be most appreciated.

In essence, the Middle East conflict is not a political battle or even
religious battle.  It is a spiritual battle between the God of Israel and
the god of Islam.  Unfortuntately, the so-called "Christian West" does not
recognize this fundamental truth.  Instead, those in the West supporting a
"just and lasting" peace settlement in the region believe a lie which
claims  that since both Jews and Arabs worship the same God, they should
each make compromises to get along.   If this is true, then God is a
hypocrite.  On one hand, the God of Israel promised the land of Israel and
Jerusalem as an everlasting covenant to the Jews who are the decendents of
Abraham, Issac and Jacob.  The god of Islam, on the other hand, views
Jewish control of Palestine and Jerusalem as a cancer in the region and
encourages every Muslim to take up the sword if necessary to liberate the
land from the Jews.  Those "moderate" Muslims who argue that only extreme
fundamentalists hold this view are not being honest with themselves because
the Koran clearly supports the aims and goals of Islamic terrorists in
regard to the illegitimacy of Israel.

The New World Order is pushing Israel into giving up most of its land and
its capitol Jerusalem.  To the applaud of nations, which promises Israel
both security, prestige and financial assitance, the current Israeli
leadership has signed agreements which puts the very legitimacy of the
state of Israel and Jewish control over Jerusalem into question.  The
problem is that Israeli Prime Minisister Shimon Peres has no right to give
up any land because it is not his to give. The Land belongs to the Lord.
Can a tenant give up property against the Landlord's wishes ?   Prime
Minister Peres has stated that Israel just wants to be like the rest of the
nations.  Israel shall never be like the nations.  Let me say once and for
all that Israel can never be and shall never be part of the New World Order
!!!  Israel will be like a square peg in a round hole.  The Scriptures
state in the book of Zechariah that Jersusalem shall be a stone burdening
the entire world, and when the nations unite (UN) in an attempt to move
her, they will be crushed.  All efforts to give up land is viewed by the
most high God as rebellion and will come to naught.  The New World Order is
being orchestrated by Satan to negate the promises of God to the decendents
of Abraham, Issac and Jacob and make God into a liar.   Israel's
God-ordained destiny is different from the rest of the nations.

Unfortunately, the leaders of Israel are pushing the nation into an
untenable situation which will cause bloodshed, pain and suffering for her
people and will eventually culminate into the final battle of Armageddon.
Only then will the people of Israel recognize their God and Messiah, and
His foot shall step on Mount Olives and the Lord almighty will be fully
clothed for battle in that day.  He will subdue the nations and totally
destroy the New World Order.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

Norwegian Paper: State Leaders Are Working For Israel's  Destruction
From: Arutz Sheva News Service
Monday, May 6, 1996 / Iyar 17, 5756

The Norwegian Daily, Dagen, published a shocking report on  Friday exposing
a 25 year-old commitment by leading figures in  Norway's ruling Labor Party
to support and facilitate the  demise of a sovereign Jewish Israel, and to
establish in its  place a secular, liberal Palestinian state. The report is
based  on revelations contained in a book by Haakon Lie, former
Secretary-General of Norway's Labor Party. Lie traces the trail  that
eventually led to his party's embracing of the PLO and  Arafat, beginning
with a shocking statement by the Labor Party's  Youth Organization AUF at
its 1971 national convention. The  chairman, Bjorn Tore Godal, approved the
following statement:  "The AUF will support the forces which struggle for
the national  and social liberation of the Palestinian people. The
qualification for lasting peace must be that Israel ceases to  exist as a
Jewish state, and that a progressive Palestinian  state is established
where all ethnic groups can live side by  side in complete equality." Godal
is today Norway's Minister of  Foreign Affairs, and a strong advocate of a
Palestinian state.

++++++++++++++++++++++++

Editors Note: Special thanks to Lee Underwood for his Weekly Updates
regarding Israel and her people. This is a good weekly update for those
interested in what is happening in Israel. Write to Lee and tell him you
heard about his newsletter from Prophe-Zine.

OSLO 2 FINAL STATUS:
From: Lee Underwood <mbi@digital.net>

In Sunday evening's opening session of the final stage of talks between
Israel and the PLO, PLO Chief Negotiator Abu Mazen spoke of the need to
establish a "Palestinian State with Jerusalem serving as its capital." This
has been the PLO position from the beginning and Yassir Arafat has spoken
openly of the need "to liberate Jerusalem and establish it as the PLO
capital." PLO Minister of Jerusalem Affairs, Faisal Husseini, spoke of the
possibility of Jerusalem Arabs maintaining dual citizenship. He also
suggested the same situation for the Jewish residents
of Judea, Samaria and Gaza. Israel's Chief Negotiator, Uri Savir, stated
that Jerusalem will remain the united capital of Israel. Though the talks
in Taba officially adjourned Monday until after the Israeli elections,
Savir stated that Israel wants secret negotiations to continue in small
working groups. This final stage of negotiations is expected to take as
long as three years. Mazen called on Israel to fulfill all commitments of
the Interim Agreement, such as the IDF redeployment in Hevron.

++++++++++++++++++++++

PLO COVENANT UPDATE:
From: Lee Underwood <mbi@digital.net>

 According to a report, Israeli security agencies all agree that the PNC
Charter has actually been amended. According to a senior Israeli source,
the General Security Service (GSS), Israel Defense Force (IDF) Intelligence
Corps, and the IDF Civil Administration all agree on this point. However,
according to a report by Galei Tzahal (Army Radio), a PLO spokesman stated
that the news stories released by Israel, regarding the PLO having omitted
sections of the PNC Charter are false. The PLO spokesman, speaking from
Taba, stated they have not abolished sections of the Charter dealing with
the destruction of Israel and reports are false. "We cannot continue
[negotiations] like this. Israel cannot fabricate things", stated the
spokesman. The letter from Arafat to PM Peres, which the latter presented
at the last government meeting as proof that the PLO charter was in fact
amended, is once again in the news. Peace Watch, the independent body
monitoring implementation of the Oslo accords, announced that the English
and Arabic versions of the letter are not identical, and that the binding,
Arabic version is much less definitive. The English version reads, "It has
been decided that the charter is hereby amended," implying a completed
fact, while the Arabic says, "It was decided to change the charter." Peace
Watch stated that in any event, no specific clauses to be changed were
enumerated. (Arutz Sheva, SNS)

+++++++++++++++++++++++

A UN-LED PIECE ACCORD?
From: Lee Underwood <mbi@digital.net>

The weekly Akhbar al-Yom reports that UN Secretary General Boutrous Ghali
has yielded to a request of Yassir Arafat, and will attempt to convene
another UN session to discuss the extended closure in the autonomous
territories. This is an attempt to create a standard norm by which subjects
under dispute between Israel and the Palestinians will be discussed in the
United Nations. (Arutz Sheva)

+++++++++++++++++++

SAUDI ARABIA MAKES $11 MILLION DONATION TO PLO:
From: Lee Underwood <mbi@digital.net>

 Saudi Arabia has given $11 million in aid to the PLO specifically
earmarked for projects in Jerusalem and Hevron. The money is part of a
pledge made in 1993 but from was withheld until specific projects were
designated. The projects allocated funding in the $11
 million are:

1. The building of 48 apartments on Al Aksa Mosque for mosque guards.
2. The construction of an Islamic Cultural Center in Jerusalem.
3. The rehabilitation of 500 apartments in Hevron, near the Maarat
Hamachpelah (Cave of the Patriarchs).

The money is being given to strengthen the PLO claims to the Holy Cities,
stated the PLO Minister of Religious Affairs. (SNS)

+++++++++++++++++++++++

NORWEGIAN LEADERS ARE WORKING FOR ISRAEL'S DESTRUCTION:
From: Lee Underwood <mbi@digital.net>

The Norwegian Daily, Dagen, published a shocking report on Friday exposing
a 25 year-old commitment by leading figures in Norway's ruling Labor Party
to support and facilitate the demise of a sovereign Jewish Israel, and to
establish in its place a secular, liberal Palestinian state. The report is
based on revelations contained in a book by Haakon Lie, former
Secretary-General of Norway's Labor Party. Lie traces the trail that
eventually led to his party's embracing of the PLO and Arafat, beginning
with a shocking statement by the Labor Party's Youth Organization AUF at
its 1971 national convention. The chairman, Bjorn Tore Godal, approved the
following statement: "The AUF will support the forces which struggle for
the national and social liberation of the Palestinian people. The
qualification for lasting peace must be that Israel ceases to exist as a
Jewish state, and that a progressive Palestinian state is established where
all ethnic groups can live side by side in complete equality." Godal is
today Norway's Minister of Foreign Affairs, and a strong advocate of a
Palestinian state. (Arutz Sheva)

+++++++++++++++++++++

US AID TO PLO ON HOLD:
From: Lee Underwood <mbi@digital.net>

 US Congressman Benjamin Gilman, Chairman of the House International
Relations Committee, reiterated that the hold he has placed on $10 million
in US aid to the PLO will continue until questions he has raised concerning
its financial structure and assets are answered. The statement was made in
response to a request by the State Department to lift the hold. Gilman said
that the the PLO has so far failed to provide satisfactory answers
regarding the requested information, which is "not unlike that which is
provided by many other organizations to which the US provides foreign
assistance." After more than a year of effort, the General Accounting
Office reported to Gilman on November 28, 1995 that "we were unable to
independently verify the PLO's current financial condition since the PLO
was unwilling to provide us with requested accounting records and
supporting documentation." (Arutz Sheva)

+++++++++++++++++++++++

Bio-Chip Update

Electronic Vehicle Identification
From: Jim Rudisill
Jim_Rudisill/ICM%ICM@smtp.icmus.com

Hi everyone!

Here in New Jersey, and on the bridges and ferries to New York City as well
as  turnpikes to the Connecticut metro area, there are already pilot
programs in  place. I personally have seen these "EZPass" units set up on
the Garden State  Parkway and NJ Turnpike. They're being hailed as a marvel
of efficiency that  will allow somehwere around 35% more flow through toll
gates. What they're not  saying of course is that the 35% figure is based
upon the idea that everyone  would have these transponders. (They look
kinda like radar detectors.) They  haven't begun tying it in with weigh
stations and Car ID concepts yet, but  they're going to need some gimmick
to convince people to get this in their  cars. The last news report I'd
heard said they were planning to have all the  major toll roads in the
Tri-State area (the NYC metro area, northern NJ, and  southern CT) ramped
up to this technology by the end of the decade. Something to chew on re:
Freematt's comment on Speeding and Suspicious  Activities - We know that
cell-phone technology has your carphone broadcast  it's ID signal to
mini-towers scattered throughout the calling area. That's how  they know
where to send the call. (It's also how your signal gets stolen and  copied
by thieves who can read these "broadcasts" and then program other
carphones with your "ID Code." You won't know until you get a bill for
thousands of dollars of calls. The only remedy they've come up with is to
have  your "ID Code" changed every couple of weeks.)

My point: We already possess the capability to "track" people (via phone.)
And  we already have these "EZPass" transponders that send a signal to the
toll  booths. How much fiddling do you think they'll have to do to marry
the EZPass  into the cell-phone network? And if they strung receivers along
the highways at  regular intervals (in the interest of improving cell-phone
reception, of  course,) then they could immediately determine if you didn't
take long enough  to get to the next one and bill you immediately for
speeding (thanks to the  magic of theEZPass, which has your credit line -
or insert your SmartCard. Or  whatever...) And they'll know your location
(and travel habits) at all times.  So if well-to-do Mr. Jones has traffic
patterns showing him frequently visiting  a run-down low income area known
for drug sales, how long do you think it'll  take to show "probable cause"
and get a warrant to search his house? Just some thoughts. Obviously we're
not in that situation, but it certainly  wouldn't take much to get us
there.

Talk to you all later!
With Love In Christ
JimR

Editors Note:
Here in CA  the EVI (Electronic Vehicle Identification) transponder is
being used to speed up weigh station passage for commercial transports by
automatically identifying the vehicle as it rolls by at highway speed and
billing the owner automatically for entry and road fees. Those truckers
that have it seem happy with it, and more are adding it daily. It is also
being used successfully in California to identify rolling stolen vehicles.
The use of the vehicle identification transponder likely will not
applicable for speeding since laser and radar are the most effective means
for that type of traffic enforcement.

+++++++++++++++++++++++

Bio-Chip Update part 2

Biochip Implants
From: American Liberties Fellowship
alf@TheCyberChannel.com

Dear Reader:

We've been warning for some time - as have many others who are attuned to
current world events - that biochip implants are a reality in the
foreseeable, *very near* future.  Moreover, we've tried to get Americans -
Christians in particular - to take their heads out of the sand and realize
where we're headed.  Indeed, there may be no way to stop what has been
prophesied in the Good Book from coming to pass (for God cannot tell a
lie).  But - ready or not - at some point, you, your wife, your children
and everyone you know will have to face a decision.  For it is written:

"And he causes all, the small and the great, and the rich and the poor, and
the free men and the slaves, to be given a mark on their right hand, or on
their forehead, and he provides that no one should be able to buy or to
sell, except the one who has the mark, either name of the beast of the
number of his name."  Rev 13:16-17

A pastor friend of mine - whom I greatly admire - recently acknowledged to
our prayer group that there would indeed be a One World Government, a
cashless society, and a National I.D. card.  However, he went on to say
that he had "no problem with a national I.D. card."  This I found this
truly amazing.  He feels the time for deciding whether to bow to the new
Babylon or remain faithful to Jesus is when you're forced to make that
choice at gunpoint under the coming world regime.

This sounds like an attempt to relieve us of our earthly responsibilities -
particularly in the area of government - responsibilities (and rights)
which most of the church are ignorant of because church leaders want to
spiritualize everything.

Such an attitude is akin to being sat in a car headed for a cliff.
Although you clearly see the cliff ahead, you decide to wait until the very
last minute before applying the brakes!  Doesn't it make sense to apply the
brakes now - while there remains some distance (albeit very little) between
our freedoms and those who would take them away?  If you can't stop the
car, surely you could slow it down!

In the same scenario, many believe that prayer ALONE will spare them.  This
is error.  In such a situation, that would be putting the Lord your God to
the test!  Pray for strength and discernment; then, use the foot the
Almighty gave you and hit the brakes!  He's not going to do it for you.

If all we had to do is pray, you wouldn't have to work and your wife
wouldn't have to cook.  The two of you could just "pray" your meals to the
table!  But it doesn't work that way, does it!

Another example would be that of a hungry and homeless man who showed up on
your doorstep, only to be turned away by you so that you could go into your
prayer closets and "pray for him".  Will such prayers be heard by God?
Yes... but only for the sake of the hungry man that you would not feed!

What prayer does is allow Yahweh to bless us with the opportunities and
empower us to DO the WORK - whatever it may be.  Prayer does NOT relieve us
of the responsibility to do the work!

"The mind of man plans his way, but the Lord directs his steps!" - Prov. 16:9

My same pastor friend has also told our group that anti-christ cannot come
lest the church allow him in.  On this point, I wholeheartedly agree with
my brother.  Anti-christ will be able to take control ONLY when the church
ceases to bar the door (apostasy).  But consider the two reasons why this
will happen - 1) lack of prayer on the part of God's people; 2) lack of
vigilance on the part of God's people - partly due to apathy, largely due
to lack of understanding of America's birthright. (Read Deuteronomy 32 for
an uncanny picture of modern day America!)

"For they are a nation lacking counsel, and there is no understanding in
them.  Would that they were wise, that they understood this, that they
would discern their future!"  Deut. 32:28-29

Certainly, the Word of Yahweh WILL come to pass... but, does it have to be
on our watch?  Is it already too late?  Only God knows.  I recommend you
read the account of Jonah and note how God spared Ninevah once they
repented.  Can that happen in America?  Yes!  Will it happen in America?
It's up to you.  That means less time in front of the "propaganda" tube,
and more time spent on our knees in prayer before the throne of God....
AND, IN ACTIVE EXERCISE OF THE VOICE IN GOVERNMENT WHICH OUR CONSTITUTION
HAS RESERVED TO THE PEOPLE - that's you and me, friend.

Would you believe me if I told you that some of us are called ONLY to be
"prayer warriors"... and others are called ONLY to be "works warriors"?  If
so, then follow your calling and do not judge those who are Godly
"activists" and "patriots" trying to keep your country on her
Constitutional tracks.  (Yes... there are bad, misguided patriots... just
as there are bad, misguided government officials.  It is communistic to
apply such a label to the whole bunch.  Don't fall for the "guilt by
association" rhetoric spewed forth by the news media!  Use your spiritual
discernment!)   It has been said that those most critical of their country
tend to be the truest of patriots.

I believe you cannot be of one calling without the other.  Being only a
"prayer warrior" is faithless because you neglect your earthly
responsibilities.  (You may not be OF the world, but for now... you're
still IN the world, and you still have responsibilities beyond your prayer
closet.)  And being only a "works warrior" is futile because what can you
accomplish without the hand of God to guide you?

Remember, the Good Book says, "Faith without works is dead!"  And even King
David, whom Yahweh described as a man after God's own heart, did not slay
the Philistine giant except that he FIRST appealed to the God of Heaven;
but THEN, he took up a sling and 5 smooth stones and RAN to MEET the enemy
head on!  It took both the blessing of God AND ACTION on David's part to
conquer the enemy.  We should expect to have to do no less.  Let's get our
heads out of the sand, our hearts turned to God, raise up the standard and
begin to take up the responsibility of governing our republic which our
forefathers secured for ourselves and our posterity.

Karl J. Olinde for
American Liberties Fellowship
alf@TheCyberChannel.com

P.S. Notice how our freedoms are always eroded under the guise of "safety"
and for the good of the whole.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

[The following has been forwarded from the Internet]

Subject: BIOCHIPS IN CHICAGO TRIBUNE

Date: Tuesday, May 7, 1996
Source: By Jon Van, Tribune Staff Writer.
Section: NEWS
Parts: 1
Copyright Chicago Tribune

IN FUTURE, TINY CHIP MAY GET UNDER SKIN
CRITICS ARGUE DEVICE INVITES BIG BROTHER

   A tiny chip implanted inside the human body to send and receive radio
messages, long a popular delusion among paranoids, is likely to be marketed
as a consumer item early in the nextcentury.

   Several technologies already available or under development will enable
electronics firms to make implantable ID locators, say futurists, and our
yearning for convenience and security makes them almost irresistible to
marketers.

   "This is currently very hot," said Edward Cornish, president of the
World Future Society, based in Bethesda, Md. "The field is developing
because the technology is becoming available to do it."

   He added: "Its appeal will depend on what features are offered and the
price. I'm sure a large number of people would want such products."

   Inevitably, implantable radio locators conjure up visions of Big Brother
and unscrupulous scientists abusing such technology to control the masses.
But the researchers laying the foundations for this technology see their
work as helping humankind, not subverting privacy.

   They seek to aid people using wireless phones to summon emergency help,
to track soldiers who become lost on maneuvers and to enable people to get
along without carrying cash by automatically crediting an account.

   Animal advocates already urge pet owners to have tiny identification
chips implanted in their dogs and cats so if they are lost, shelters can
identify them through a national computerized database.

   The notion of using implantable chips to control humans isn't entirely
absent, even in these early stages of the technology's development.

   Cornish noted that authorities have experimented for years with fitting
convicts with electronic monitors to allow them to leave jails for limited
reasons, such as work release.

   "The problem is that monitors worn outside the body can be tampered
with," Cornish said. "Implanted locators would be more difficult to get at.
You might see this used as a condition for parole."

   Several systems already are in place with the potential to locate people
using radio signals. The most obvious, called GPS, for global positioning
satellites, was launched by the military years ago and has become available
for civilian applications. It uses satellites to map a person's position
with great precision.

   Some automobiles come equipped with GPS gadgets that can give drivers
their location, and boaters use similar technology.

   Researchers want to combine such locators with equipment that monitors a
person's health.

   Engineers in Salt Lake City have designed a device intended to determine
whether someone wearing it is becoming too cold or too hot, a sign of
exposure.

   "We want to highlight people who need attention early, when there is
still time to get to them with help," said Peter Kind, a senior vice
president at Sarcos Research Corp., which has developed a prototype
GPS-based device that will be ready for field tests this year.

   Sarcos' initial target is the military. The body monitors and locators
could transmit information about soldiers to a central location to reduce
the risks while troops are on maneuvers.

   Civilian markets might include ill people who usually would be
restricted to nursing environments, Kind said.

   "This could help save costs, letting people who only need observation be
released earlier from the hospital without risking their health," he said.

   Right now, the prototype equipment is worn on a belt, but the goal is to
miniaturize it into a chip. The monitors could be worn in the area of the
ear canal or elsewhere in or on the body.

   Another means to track people relies upon the existing network of
cellular-phone transmitters.

   The cellular industry and emergency-response officials have proposed
standards to the Federal Communications Commission that would enable
police, fire and ambulance dispatchers to find people who dial 911 from
wireless phones.

   At present, nearly one-quarter of the 911 emergency calls made in the
U.S. come from wireless phones, and half the time the callers don't know
their location, posing a major problem for emergency personnel.

   Developing computer systems to track locations of so many calls is a
daunting task, but it is consistent with the phone industry's goal of one
day assigning phone numbers to human beings, rather than to equipment. Once
the phone network becomes sophisticated enough to do this, it will smooth
the way for widespread monitoring of people's whereabouts.

   Companies already market pagers for children so parents can keep in
touch when youngsters are away from home. Adding the ability to pinpoint
location at any time is a natural extension; keeping track of the child
through a chip implanted under the skin may be another.

   "People accept that increased communications makes life more convenient
at the same time that it means there's no hiding place anymore," said
Bernard Beck, a Northwestern University sociologist. "If I have a universal
ID implanted, I can cash a check anywhere in the world. There's no worry
about credit cards being stolen. These are attractive matters."

   Although older people might recoil at the notion of sticking gizmos
inside themselves, younger ones tend to like the idea, Beck said.

   "In the last generation there's been a radical change about surgery and
altering your body. The resistance to having tattoos and wearing body rings
is dropping. Altering your appearance through surgery is no longer a cause
for amazement."

   Problems may arise when some people decide that their implant makes them
itch or when it malfunctions and doesn't send out a strong enough radio
signal to be received.

   Beck sees another potential problem: "You'll see people ripping off
implants, counterfeiting them, subverting the technology just as they've
done to past technologies."

   The main problem, most scholars agree, will be the tradeoff between lost
privacy and enhanced convenience.

   "It's common in a certain genre of science fiction for people to walk
into a place, pick up any item they like and walk out with it, not having
to pay because their action automatically generates a debit to their
account," said Dan Polsby, a Northwestern University law professor.

   "That would make for a very open society," Polsby said. Implanting
tracers in criminals could reduce incarceration because it would allow them
to be tracked at all times. And, he added, people wearing locators would be
deterred from committing crimes because of the likelihood  they would be
caught.

   But the potential loss of privacy is a huge issue. Everyone likes to
drop off the screen for an hour or so now and then.

   "I don't know that we've wrapped our minds around being accountable
minute-by-minute. The legal implications of who owns this information are
major,"  Polsby said. "It's one thing to have my hospital monitoring my
heartbeat for fibrillation, but it's an entirely different matter to have
the government monitoring my whereabouts."

   Although potential problems are huge, locator ID chips may be
inevitable, said Cornish of the World Future Society.

   Just as many people now allow supermarket chains to keep computerized
records of their individual purchases in return for price discounts, many
will embrace the chips for the security and convenience they offer, Cornish
said.

   "We all want to walk down the street feeling safe," he said. "This
technology offers that promise along with the dilemma of lost privacy."

   Cornish believes, at least initially, that such chips would be
voluntary. But he acknowledges that "things that are voluntary today have a
way of becoming compulsory tomorrow.

   "I was in London recently on a day when everyone on the street was
wearing a red poppy. I felt conspicuous without one. I wanted one. As these
chips are introduced, people will begin to assume you are locatable. It
will become an issue if you aren't," he said.

   Cornish said he sees a similar attitude already regarding e-mail
addresses and pagers. "If you tell people you don't have an e-mail address,
they ask, `How can we contact you?' Some employers now require staff to
wear pagers, to be locatable. Someday, they may require chips."

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

United Nations Taxes
By M Pietrantoni
American Survival Guide

UN Secretary General Boutrous Boutros-Ghali recently proposed a  series of
worldwide taxes that would be paid to the United Nations.   He said the
revenue generated by the taxes could be used for the day- to-day operation
of the UN and for UN peace keeping missions.  The  tax proposals he said
were necessary because many member states are  way behind in their
assessments and the UN is currently running a  large deficit.

Some of Mr Ghali's proposed UN taxes would fall on international  money
transfers, large arms and munitions deals between countries,  and even a
ticket tax on international airline travellers.

To counter this UN tax plan, a number of US senators, including Bobe  Dole,
have introduced a bill, S-1519, that would end any US payments  to the UN,
either voluntary or assessed, if the UN passes or even  continues to try to
pass any tax which affects American citizens.

S-1519 is called the "Prohibition on United Nations Taxation Act of  1996."
In the "Findings" section of the bill it notes that:

"(3)  United Nations officials have made numerous and repeated  proposals
to provide financing for the United Nations outside the  scrutiny of Member
States of the United Nations, including borrowing  from international
financial instutions, assuming control of bonds  issued by Member States,
and imposing taxes on an extensive range of  transactions, goods, and
services;

"(4)  the 1994 'Human Development Report' of the United Nations
Development Program stated that 'it is appropriate that the proceeds  of an
international tax be devoted to international purposes and be  placed at
the disposal of international instutions.';

"(5)  on January 14, 1996, United Nations General Secretary Boutros
Boutros-Ghali stated that an international tax would mean that [he  would]
not be under the daily financial will of the Member  States'...(8)  the
power to tax is an attribute of sovereignty;  (9)   the United Nations does
not have the attributes of sovereignty and is  not a sovereign power; and
(10)  the United Nations has no legal  authority to impose taxes on United
States citizens."

A duplicate bill has been introduced into the House of  Representatives as
HR 2867.  Its sponsors include both Democrats and  Republicans.  Sponsors
in both houses of Congress say the bills are  likely to pass, but they are
uncertain whether or not Bill Clinton  would sign them into law.

+++++++++++++++++++++


Revived Roman Empire: 2002 A.D.
Michael Alter <malter@mdc.com>

Scenario for Changeover to the Single Currency

The changeover to the single currency is an essential step in the European
integration process and will concern all economic players : banks,
business, administrations and consumers.

The decisions taken by the Madrid European Council in December 1995 have
now dispelled the main uncertainties, and particularly those surrounding
the name of the single currency and the timetable and scenario for its
introduction.

The single currency will thus be called the EURO and it will be introduced
in three main phases :

In early 1998 the European Council will name the first group of countries
that are to take part in economic and monetary union (EMU), i.e. those
Member States which meet the economic convergence criteria laid down in the
Maastricht Treaty. Clearly, EMU should ultimately be open to all Member
States that wish to join, provided that they fulfil the conditions laid
down in the Treaty.   On 1 January 1999 EMU will effectively start, with
the rates of conversion between the EURO and the participating currencies
being irrevocably fixed, the European Central  Bank using EURO's for its
monetary policy operations, and public debt being issued in EURO's.
Finally, by 1 January 2002 at the latest, the new notes and coins be put
into circulation.  The final changeover to the single currency will thus be
completed by 1 July 2002 at the latest.

The success of the changeover to the single currency will depend on one
condition : the EURO must win full public acceptance. Although the switch
will indeed be a radical change and will upset people's habits, it will at
the same time bring many benefits : elimination of the additional costs
associated with the existence of different national currencies, enhanced
price stability and transparency, simplified travel across Europe, less
costly funds transfers from one country to another, but also stimulation of
employment and a stronger role for Europe on the world stage. In short, the
single currency will bring Europe closer to the citizen, strengthen
European unity and make a genuine contribution to stability, peace and
prosperity.

++++++++++++++++++++++++

Rights of th Child Update

S. RESOLUTION 133

     Mr. Helms, Mr. Lott, Mr. Abraham, Mr. Ashcroft, Mr. Coats, Mr. Craig,
Mr. Dewine, Mr. Faircloth, Mr. Frist, Mr. Gramm, Mr. Hatch, Mr. Kempthorne,
Mr. McConnel, Mr. Murkowski, Mr. Nickles, Mr. Santorum, Mr. Smith and Mr.
Thurmond submitted the following resolution which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations:

Expressing the sense of the Senate that the primary safeguard for the
well-being and protection of children is the family, and that, because the
United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child could undermine those
rights of the family, the president should not sign and transmit it to the
Senate.

Whereas the Senate affirms the commitment of the United States to work with
other nations to enhance the protection of children, the advancement of
education, the eradication of disease, and the protection of human rights.

Whereas the Constitution and laws of the United States are the best
guarantees against mistreatment of children in our country.

Whereas the laws and traditions of the United States affirm the right of
parents to raise their children and to transmit to them their values and
religious beliefs.

Whereas that Convention establishes a "universal standard" which must be
met by all parties to the Convention thereby inhibiting the rights of the
States and the Federal Government to enact child protection and support
laws inconsistent with that standard:
and

Whereas the Convention's intrusion into national sovereignty was manifested
by the Convention's 1995 committee report faulting the United Kingdom for
permitting Parents to make decisions for their children:

Now therefore, be it Resolved, that it is the sense of the Senate that:

(l) The United Nations Convention on the rights of the Child is
incompatible with the God-given right and responsibility of parents to
raise their children;

(2) the Convention has the potential to severely restrict States and the
Federal Government in their efforts to protect children and to enhance
family life;

(3) The United States Constitution is the ultimate guarantor of rights and
privilege to every American, including children; and

(4) the President should not sign and transmit to the Senate that
fundamentally flawed Convention.

+++++++++++++++++++

Congress Poised To Mandate Government Registration and Tracking of All Americans
By Mark Weaver
MAWeav@aol.com

Imagine an America in which every citizen is required to carry a
biometrically-encoded identification card as a precondition for conducting
business. Imagine having your retina scanned every time you need to prove
your identification. Imagine carrying a card containing your entire
medical, academic, social, and financial history. Now, imagine that
bureaucrats, police officers, and social workers have access under certain
circumstances to the information on your card. Finally, imagine an America
in which it is illegal to seek any employment without approval from the
United States government.

This future may be more real than many Americans would like to think if
Congressional lawmakers are allowed to proceed with their most recent
attempt at monitoring the private lives of American citizens.

Enter S. 269, the latest attempt by Congress to mandate a computer-driven,
biometrically-verifiable national identification system. If enacted into
law, S. 269 would require the most comprehensive registration and tracking
of American citizens by the federal government in history. Some experts
have speculated that once the system envisioned by S. 269 is in place, the
scope of the identity card could be expanded to include information of a
highly personal nature, such as credit and spending history and medical,
educational, and social records.

On February 29, 1996, the Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to begin
deliberation on S. 269, The Immigration Reform Act of 1996. The bill has
already passed the Immigration Subcommittee and is being promoted by
Senator Alan Simpson (R-WY) and Dianne Feinstein (D-CA). In the House,
Republican Congressman Lamar Smith of Texas is the key sponsor of a similar
bill, H.R.2202, The Immigration in the National Interest Act. Although the
House bill is not as extreme in its proposals as the Senate version, it
still contains provisions which should be viewed as objectionable by family
privacy advocates. H.R. 2202 is scheduled for a final floor vote on March
18. The Clinton Administration is a strong proponent of both bills.

Why would Congress and the Clinton Administration consider such a plan?

Some Americans believe that America is in the midst of an illegal
immigration crisis. Politicians want to show their constituents that they
are taking strong action against illegal immigration. These politicians
argue that the best way to control illegal immigration is to give the
government the right to approve all employee hiring in America. By using
advanced technology to register, track and store information on every
citizen, they argue, it will be easy to spot illegal immigrants.

If At First You Don't Succeed . . .

Similar (but unsuccessful) proposals to create a national registry and
tracking system were advanced in the early 1980's by a powerful array of
government agencies who brushed aside any concerns about personal privacy.
Agencies like the Internal Revenue Service, the State Department, and the
Central Intelligence Agency, each for their own unique reasons, craved a
law which would require every American to carry a national identity card.
One attempt to register and track Americans came close to being endorsed by
the Reagan cabinet in July 1981, but it was stopped when President Reagan
personally vetoed the idea on the grounds that it was a massive invasion of
privacy.

In 1993, under the guise of an immunization bill, Congress attempted to
register and track every American from birth, but the measure was defanged
of its dangerous provisions after tens of thousands of calls and letters
poured into Washington D.C. from parents around the country asking Congress
to respect their family privacy and individual liberties. Perhaps the most
famous attempt to create a national registry came in 1994 as part of the
Clinton Administration's ill-fated Health Security Act.

Each time these proposals have been mounted, pro-family forces have rallied
to defeat them.

Smart Cards, Retina Scans, Voice Patterns and the Coming Biometric Privacy
Invasion

Biometrics is the science of measuring unique physiological or behavioral
characteristics. In recent years, the technology which drives this science
has evolved well beyond fingerprinting and dental records. In fact, the
technology is available to identify people by the length of their fingers,
the pattern of their retinas, the sound of their voices, and the smell of
their skin. Senate
lawmakers intend to incorporate advanced forms of this technology as part
of the most comprehensive identification and information gathering program
in history.

On May 10, 1995, the Senate Subcommittee on Immigration met for a hearing
entitled, "Verification of Applicant Identity for the Purposes of
Employment and Public Assistance." The hearing was chaired by Senator Alan
Simpson (R-WY) and was attended by Senators Ted Kennedy (D-MA), Dianne
Feinstein (D-CA), and Jon Kyl (R-AZ). Robert Rasor, from the Financial
Crimes Division of the Secret Service, provided an explanation to the
Subcommittee of the emerging "biometric" technologies' role in personal
identification: "The use of biometrics is the means by which an individual
may be conclusively identified There are two types of biometric identifiers:
physical and behavioral characteristics. Physiological biometrics include
facial features, hand geometry, retinal and iris patterns, DNA, and
fingerprints. Behavioral characteristics include voice characteristics and
signature analysis."

Although the language of S. 269 does not mandate which specific biometric
technique will be used to register, track and identify every American, it
clearly calls for the use of biometrics (Section 115(7)). Senator Dianne
Feinstein, an original drafter of the proposal, recently explained in a
Capitol Hill magazine that it is her intention to see Congress immediately
implement a national identity system where every American is required to
carry a card with a "magnetic strip on which the bearer's unique voice,
retina pattern, or fingerprint is digitally encoded."

"Fifteen years ago, they would have torn the building down."

Despite the fact that this bill could dramatically increase the role of the
federal government in the private lives of Americans, the proposal has
received relatively little media attention. Senate sponsors seem to be
pleased by the opportunity to act covertly. During his closing remarks
following the last panel of the May 10 subcommittee meeting, Senator
Simpson mused on the relative lack of media attention given the hearings
and the overlap between a national ID card and President Clinton's proposal
for a "Health Security Card" two years ago: "There is much to do here, but
I was just saying to Ted [Kennedy] before he left, a hearing like this
fifteen years ago, they would have torn the building down. And here we are
today just a bunch of us, kind of sitting around and no media, no nothing.
This is fine with me. I get tired of them on this issue."

Key Problems With The Bill

Congressional attempts to include privacy safeguards in the language offer
little hope or consolation. Agencies like the IRS and the Social Security
Administration (SSA) have recently been subject to criticism for their lack
of control over employees who, in violation of the privacy safeguards, were
opening confidential files and making the information available to
outsiders. Among other things, the bill establishes:

*    That the federal government create a national database containing
information on all Americans and immigrants eligible towork in this country
(S. 269, Sec. 111).

*    That all Americans may be required to obtain a national identification
device, like an ID card (S. 269, Sec. 111(b)).

*    Beginning in 1999, all employers must receive authorization from the
national computer database before hiring any new employee this does not
just apply to immigrants. For each new employee, the company would be
required to transmit his name and identification number via modem and then
wait for the national database to respond with an
 can not work (S. 269, Sec. 111).

*    All American children must register with the SSA by age sixteen. When
they register, they must provide the agency with a "fingerprint or other
biometric data." The agency would place the fingerprint "or other biometric
data" on the child's birth certificate, hoping to make the birth
certificate more fraud-resistant (S. 269, Sec. 116(7)).

*    In violation of the Tenth Amendment, the Senate bill would create
federalize rules pertaining to the creation of driver's licenses, and would
unconstitutionally mandate that 1) social security numbers be attached to
the license; and that 2) all drivers licenses "shall contain a fingerprint
or other biometric data." (S. 269, Sec. 116(b)).

A National Database Would Be a Nightmare!

Majority Leader Dick Armey (R-TX) called the national computer registry and
move toward a national identity card, "an abomination and wholly at odds
with the American tradition of individual freedom." Senator Spencer Abraham
(R-MI) recently joined Armey in signing a letter denouncing the tracking
system. Jack Kemp wrote in the New York Times, "An anti-privacy,
anti-business and anti-American approach is no way to run immigration
policy."

These bills would create an unprecedented increase in the government's ability to collect information. For the first time:

*    The government would have a comprehensive registry of every American
name, date of birth, place of birth, mother's maiden name, Social Security
number, gender, race, and other information. Personal information that is
now scattered in many different places would be consolidated in one
database, controlled by a single federal agency.

*   Personal information would be accessible to local agencies and anyone
who claims to be an employer.

*    The government would have to grant approval before a company enters
into private employment contract with a private citizen.

The Legislation Is Likely To Pass Unless Significant Opposition Develops Soon

Under the current political climate, the bill is likely to be enacted into
law. Most Senators do not even realize that the bill would create a
national, computer-linked registry and tracking system driven by biometric
technology. Those who do understand have not properly evaluated the
tremendous threat to individual liberties and family privacy posed by the
measure.

The House Version

In its current form, H.R. 2202 calls for pilot programs to test the idea of
an computer-linked verification system. It calls for new and unprecedented
databases and data sharing and computer link-ups between state and federal
agencies, thus expanding the government's ability to monitor private
citizens. Like S. 269, it would, for the first time, require private
employers to receive approval from a federal computer database before
entering into private employment
contracts with individuals.

Opposition To The Bills

More than fifty influential organizations representing groups on both the
right and left of the political spectrum have joined together in an effort
to defeat these bills. A number of Representatives and Senators have
responded favorably to their concerns. Two of them, Senators Spence Abraham
(R-MI) and Rus Feingold (D-WI) have joined together to offer amendments to
delete all references to registries, ID cards, or employment verification
programs from the Senate bill.

Action Is Urgently Needed

The registry and tracking system currently before Congress must be
defeated. Now is the time to write and call urging your lawmakers on
Capitol Hill to oppose any national registry, tracking and
identification system. Tell them that the threat to individual liberty and
family privacy far outweigh any potential benefits that such a system might
provide in curbing illegal immigration. If your senator is a member of the
Judiciary Committee urge him to support the Abraham/Feingold Amendment.
Tell them that there are acceptable solutions to America's illegal
immigration problem but giving the government the power to register and
track its citizens is not one of them. [Note: S. 269 may be officially
redubbed S.1394.]

     Call your Senator at (202) 225-3121 and your Representative at  (202)
224-3121.

This special report was prepared by the legal staff of the
National Center for Home Education
P.O. Box 125, Paeonian Springs, VA 22129.

Permission is granted to reprint this report in its entirety.

+++++++++++++++++

UNconscription...
From: The New American May 27, 1996

Are They Catching On?

The matter of Army Specialist Michael New, who has become a cause celebre
after being court-martialled for refusing to wear the Macedonia, is
familiar to readers of THE NEW AMERICAN. Despite New's bad-conduct
discharge (still under appeal), the decorated medic remains the subject of
congressional attention and legislation, as in a bill introduced by
Congressmen Roscoe Bartlett (R-MD) and James Traficant (D-OH), dubbed the
American Hero Restoration Act.

In addition, scores of congressmen have backed other legislation to make it
unlawful to require U.S. armed services personnel to wear insignia
indicating affiliation with or allegiance to the UN. Recently at a
conference in Washington, DC sponsored by the American Sovereignty Action
Project (ASAP), Bartlett and several legal experts concurred that the order
requiring New to don the UN blue beret and insignia "clearly violates the
law" and the U.S. Constitution.

The conference also was addressed by retired Marine Colonel Ron Ray, chief
counsel for Specialist New. Ray, who has briefed Kentucky Senator Mitch
McConnell extensively, told THE NEW AMERICAN that UN peacekeeping issues
are going to be part of hearings to be held soon by the senator. Senator
McConnell, noting legal discrepancies in the Macedonia deployment, has sent
a letter to the President, threatening to withhold peacekeeping funds. Ray
displayed a copy of the insignia worn by U.S. members of the force in
Macedonia (which is headed by a Finnish officer); the shield for Operation
Able Sentry includes the insignia of the UN at the heart of the American
eagle.

Security concerns for "peacekeepers" not identified as U.S. troops were
also discussed at the ASAP conference. Retired Navy Captain "Red" McDaniel,
who was brutalized and held captive by the North Vietnamese for more than
six years, fears that any captive Americans held as UN "detainees" might
have even fewer protections. Forcing uniformed Americans to ignore the oath
of allegiance to which they swore has struck a chord within the services.

The ASAP conference heard from Sergeant First Class Edward Rasor, a Special
Forces medic at Ft. Bragg in North Carolina. An 11-year veteran with an
excellent service record, Rasor has been reprimanded and is on the verge of
being cashiered because -- on his own time -- he expressed support for
Specialist New. Rasor said he was called on the carpet at the direct
instigation of the Clinton Administration, which conveyed the message that
either he was to stop speaking against the UN or leave the Army.

================================

THE NEW AMERICAN -- May 27, 1996
Copyright 1996 -- American Opinion Publishing, Incorporated
P.O. Box 8040, Appleton, WI  54913

SUBSCRIPTIONS: $39.00/year (26 issues)

WRITTEN PERMISSION FOR REPOSTING REQUIRED: Released for informational
purposes to allow individual file transfer and non-commercial mail-list
transfer only. All other copyright privileges are reserved. Address
reposting requests to <birch@execpc.com> or the above address.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Big Brother comes to Britain
From: "d.brett" <ta5157@qmw.ac.uk>

A VERY ENGLISH THOUGHT POLICE ?

It seems the spectre of Big Brother is being seen in Britain with the
proposal of a new Security Bill, which will come into force in the  autumn.
It will allow the police to install  bugs and surveillence cameras in
private homes without the owners'  knowledge.

For the past few years MI5 has had a monopoly of surveillence, but  only
with the sanction of the Home Secretary. Now the police force will  gain
wide ranging powers which the pressure group "Liberty" fears  will be used
on political activists and campaigners and not just  murderers or drug
traffickers.

Placed in the light of all the restrictions being imposed on people's
civil right in the US and the emergence of similar legislation  throughout
Europe, espeicially Germany, France and Italy, many people  are beginning
to smell the proverbial dead rat in the political  establishment.The
establishment and the media will undoubtedly respond to any accusations of
conspiracy as paranoia.

++++++++++++++++++++++++

Discharge of Specialist Michael New
From: Committee to Restore the Constitution
comminc@fortnet.org

Specialist Michael New court martial conviction at Wuerzburg, Germany, 24
January 1996, for refusal to wear UN insignia, faces a `bad conduct'
discharge unless General Montgomery Meigs, Commanding General, rules
otherwise.

Colonel Ronald D Ray, USMC, ret, attorney for Michael New, pleads New's
case in Germany.

"America's first military principles:  Virtue, Honor and Patriotism", said
Colonel Ray, "were first so declared by our Constitutional Congress on
November 28, 1775, and reaffirmed by Congress in 1956.  Many people in
America's trusted institutions enjoy the benefits and protections of the
institution.  However, today, leadership in government and the military,
from the President to Generals and civilian appointees, have increasingly
lost the American commitment to Virtue, Honor and Patriotism.  Thus," Ray
declared, "we have an increasing level of unfaithfulness in even our most
trusted institutions.  Unfaithful political and compliant military
leadership seem all too willing to dishonor Michael New's faithfulness to
his oath and country."

"This appears to be done", charged the Colonel, "in hopes of covering the
President's unlawful UN deployment of America's sons and daughters and the
lack of honor and patriotism in allowing those under their command to be
involuntarily transformed into UN soldiers in direct violation of the
Constitution, US law, and even service regulations."

"It remains to be seen", Ray concluded, "if Congress and America will allow
Michael New's faithfulness and honorable service to be dismissed as "bad
conduct".

Reposting of this message is encouraged.  Donations may be sent to: Spc.
Michael New Defense Fund, PO Box 1136, Crestwood, KY  40014.

It is further suggested that entire text, including following `solution' be
transmitted via USPS to Members of Congress from recipiants state.

======================

At the core of interlocking subversion in government departments are (1)
Senate Joint Resolution #65, "Establishing a commission to study the
creation of a standing international military force under the United
Nations Charter", 16 March 1993, and (2) Presidential Decision Directive
#25, 3 May 1994 (State Department Summary), "The Clinton Administration's
Policy on Reforming Multilateral Peace Operations".  PDD#25 is so
politically charged that it has not been released to Congress or to the
people.  PDD#25 is the implementing directive surreptitously transferring
US military to UN command.  Both were denied by the military court as
evidence in the Michael New defense.  (Available from Committee to Restore
the Constitution)

A Solution to the United Nations problem is available to Members of
Congress, "International Organization Recision Act".  Text follows.

=====================

INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATION RECISION ACT

House of Representatives (1971) to Rescind and Revoke Membership of the
United States in the United Nations, by John Rarick, U.S. Representative,
6th Congressional District.

HOUSE RESOLUTION 2632:
To rescind and revoke membership of the United States in the United Nations
and specialized agencies thereof, and for other purposes.  Be it enacted by
the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled -

Section 1.  That from and after the effective date of this ACT the
ratification by the Senate of the United States on July 28, 1945, of the
United Nations Charter, making the United States a member of the United
Nations, be, and said ratification hereby is, rescinded, revoked and held
for naught; and all ACTS designed and intended to perfect and carry out
such membership of the United States in the United Nations are hereby
repealed.

Section 2.  That from and after the effective date of this ACT, all ACTS
and parts of ACTS designed and intended to make the United States a member
of the specialized agencies of the United Nations, or of any of them, are
hereby repealed, and all executive agreements, international undertakings
and understandings however characterized and named,  designed,
and intended to make the United States a member of the specialized agencies
of the United Nations are hereby rescinded, revoked and held for naught.

Section 3.  That from and after the effective date of this ACT any and all
appropriations for defraying the costs of the membership of the United
States in the United Nations or in the specialized agencies thereof are
hereby rescinded and revoked; and any unexpended and unencumbered balance
of any such appropriations shall be recovered into the general fund of the
Treasury of the United States.

Section 4.  That the International Organization Act of December 29, 1945
(59 Stat. 669; Title 22, Sections 288 to 2886 U.S.C.) be and is repealed;
and any and all Executive Orders extend or granting immunities, benefits
and privileges under said ACT of December 29, 1945, are hereby rescinded,
revoked and held for naught.

Section 5.  This act may be cited as the INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATION
RECISION ACT.
If both Houses of Congress are unable to enact Congressman Rarick's UN
RECISION ACT (HR 2632-1971) because of a lack of a majority vote, any
single Congressman or Senator who voted FOR the reintroduced U.N. Recision
Act, or voted AGAINST any annual U.N. assessment due from the U.S.
Treasury, has judicial standing to seek a Federal Court declaration that
the U.N. Treaty is unconstitutional and void, on any one or more of the
following grounds:

That the U.N. Treaty transfers Congress' power to declare war to the U.N.
Security Council (violates Art. 1, Sec 8, U.S. Const.);

That the U.N. Treaty transfers the U.S. Supreme Court's judicial power over
treaties to the U.N. International Court, (violates Art. III, Sec. 2, U.S.
Const.);

That the U.N. Income Tax 4-year refund of U.N. employees' income tax (6
million +) is a federal income tax fraud on the U.S. Treasury, (violates
the XVI Amend., U.S. Const.);

That Congress' International Organization Immunities Act of Dec. 29, 1945,
together with Executive Orders in  pursuance of the U.N. Treaty, granting
U.N. personnel immunity from suit violates Art. III, Sec. 2 U.S. Const. and
are beyond Congress' powers (violates Art 1, Sec. 8, U.S. Const.)  See
Kennedy vs. Sampson,  et al, (1974) 511 F 2nd 430, where the U.S. Court of
Appeals held that a single U.S. Senator had standing to protect the
effectiveness of his vote on legislation in Congress.

++++++++++++++++++++

FOOD SHORTAGE?

Evidence of drought damage to the winter crop in the U.S. Plains from
Kansas to Texas had triggered a blistering rally this month - wheat prices
had risen from about $5 per bushel early in January to around S7.30 last
week. Corn prices last week pushed through the $5 per bushel level for the
first time ever, also on fears of planting delays and concerns about dry
weather hurting spring-planted crops like corn and soybeans.

Analysts were cautious about predicting a good recovery for the
drought-damaged winter wheat crop in the high plains states.

"The problem with the rain in Kansas is what rain they are getting may be
just too little too late." the U.S. Agriculture department's chief
meteorologist Albert Peterlin said.

"This is just not going to be a good crop." he said.

Action to combat the slump in cattle prices, now at their lowest level in a
decade, was welcomed by members of Congress and the cattle industry. Aside
from low slaughter prices, producers face high grain prices because of
tight supplies.

"We're doing our best to keep markets from falling further,"  Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman said, adding that the administration's steps could
avert a damaging sell-off of cattle herds.

Food prices were forecast to rise modestly this year -- 2.5 percent -- but
the surge in grain prices has brought fears of a possible spurt in grocery
store prices.

As reported by Reuters
April 29 and May 1, 1996

+++++++++++++++++++++

THE V-CHIP

On February 8, 1996 president Clinton signed into law a huge, far-reaching
telecommunications bill. The Telecommunications Act of 1996 (S 652) revamps
the 1934 Communications Acts by tearing down the barriers between cable
broadcast and telephone companies, making it possible for the next level of
the communications "superhighway" to be established.

Unfortunately, when Clinton used a digital pen to electronically sign  the
bill into law, he not only laid the groundwork for the monopolizing of the
communications industry, he also paved the way for government to  intrude
even more into our personal lives.

The law requires that all television sets larger than 13 inches include "a
feature designed to enable viewers to block display of all programs with a
common rating."

This blocking device, commonly referred to as the "V chip,"  (the 'V' is
for violence) would work in a similar fashion to that of other coding
services, such as close-captioning, that are now requiredon most new
televisions.

But who decides what the ratings will be? Under pressure from politicians,
the television industry has promised to begin rating shows by the end of
the year. Enforcement of the new ratings system will be by an industry-wide
panel that will monitor the shows to see if government guidelines are
followed.

Another part of the "communications Decency Act" criminalizes any "obscene,
lewd, lascivious, filthy, or indecent" material send via modem through an
electronic network of any kind. Who decides what is obscene or lascivious?

One interesting note: companies in the on-line services industry were
initially rabid opponents of the Telecom Bill. After lawyers rewrote huge
portions of the "decency" amendment leaving on-line service providers
immune to criminal penalty, Prodigy and the rest became lap dogs, totally
in favor of this new law.

Putting a computer chip in your TV to control obscenity is like  putting a
Band-Aid on a wound that will soon need a tourniquet. Moreover, since this
is a government-mandated computer chip, it paves the way for similar and
not-so-similar computer chips (such as the digital snooping Clipper chip)
to be placed in your computer, telephone, or cable box.

As reported by American Survival
June l996

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The Rutherford Institute Sues School District On Behalf Of Violated Junior
High Girls

East Stroudsburg, Pa.- The Rutherford Institute today filed suit on behalf
of a family against a Pennsylvania school district which forced more than
50 sixth-grade girls to undergo physical examinations, many of which
included gynecological exams, without informed parental consent and against
the girls' wishes. Additional families are expected to join the suit later
this month.

When the girls learned of the school's intention to have them undergo the
exams, many of the asked to be excused--the school district denied these
requests. Before the incident, the district had sent notices home asking
the parents' permission to perform "physical examinations" on their
children. The form did not explain that "physical examinations" included
gynecological exams.

"The school's actions were outrageous," said David Melton, a Rutherford
Institute staff attorney who is co-counsel in the case. "The school acted
with total disregard for either the students' or the parents' rights."

One girls parents even sent the permission slip back to school, denying it
permission to examine their child--but the school examined her anyway. The
district claims it lost her form.

The Rutherford Institute is arguing that the school's actions violated the
students' Fourth Amendment right to privacy, parents' rights, and was an
intentional infliction of emotional distress. Rutherford Institute
affiliate attorneys Mike Sebastian and Tom Ratchford are handling the case.

"This case is a classic example of 'child abuse' programs run amok," said
Melton. "These children were abused by the school in order to determine
whether they could have been abused by their parents. This is more akin to
child abuse than education."

The Rutherford Institute is an international, nonprofit civil liberties
organization specializing in the defense of religious liberty.

P.O. Box 7482,
1445 East Rio Road
Charlottesville, Va. 22906-7482
U.S.A.
Phone (804)978-3888
Facsimile (804)978-1789
e-mail: rutherford@fni.com

+++++++++++++++++++++

*Creationism Not Ok, Says Ohio ACLU*
From: ACLU News 05-13-96:

The ACLU of Ohio has announced its intention to take legal action against
Lakewood Public Schools System if the district does not adopt written
policy against teaching creationism, the Cleveland Plain Dealer reported.

Advocating creationism is a clear violation of the "U.S. Constitution's
mandate of separation of church and state," the ACLU said. "The U.S.
Supreme Court has already ruled that creationism is religious theory, not
science, and has no place in public classrooms."

Recent reports in the Plain Dealer have revealed that two Lakewood physics
teachers have been promoting creationism in their classrooms. One teacher
has been doing so for the past five years, passing out creationist material
as "critical thinking exercises."

ACLU attorney Ray Vasvari said that "'critical thinking skills' are
buzzwords in creationist circles on how to get these ideas through the
door."

The other teacher, the Plain Dealer reported, told his students that
"evolution doesn't make sense," adding that homosexuality is wrong and gay
people "won't go to heaven."

Lakewood school board members have taken these accounts very seriously, the
Plain Dealer reported. The board has already held one meeting to address
the issue, and is planning on holding hearings as well.

The ACLU wasted no time in alerting the school board as to the
unconstitutionality of allowing religious doctrine in public schools.

In a letter submitted to the school district superintendent, the ACLU
outlined the actions that the school system must take in order to avoid a
lawsuit.

Besides adopting an official policy banning creationism, the letter
demanded that the policy be clearly communicated to all of the district's
teachers and that the two teachers who have taught creationism illegally
should be "specifically cautioned."

According to the Ohio ACLU director Christine Link, the ACLU is interested
in settling the matter amicably.

"We will make every effort to work with the Lakewood schools to ensure that
their physics curriculum remains in the scientific realm and does not cross
the line into religious dogma," Link said.




41



