
Prophe-Zine
Issue #6


Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........


Raymond Gano..............	Welcome to Issue #6
Patti Lalonde..................	The Emerging Goddess and the Gender Agenda.
Texe Marrs ......................	Earth Day .
Texe Marrs ...................	The Treaty From Hell.
Dr. M. H. Reynolds........	The Truth about the World Council of Churches
The Prophecy Club BBS ..	What is the New Age and how is it affecting us?
David Reagan ..............	Georgia Guidestones -The New Age Commandments?.
Prophe-Zine News Bites..... Assorted authors and news services
Cool Christian Resources plus some cool web sites


Special thanks: To Tim and Tess. They are good friends of mine who live in
Montana. They took me fishing and I had some great fellowship with them
both. Tim  and Tess are involved with the Christian Music industry in
Montana. Tim is pretty hip to the New Age movement also. He is the one that
turned me on to Lord Maitreya and to the C.U.T. Church. So I want to
dedicate this issue to the both of them and for all the things they have
done for me in my life. Tim is also the one who helped me pull my head out
held me accountable to the Lord. Out of that I rededicated my life to the
service of our Lord Jesus two years ago.

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine  will be published (up loaded), on
the 15th of each month.

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine


Statement of Faith


THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in

 Matthew 28:19:
                          "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

In His service,

Ray Gano


The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine

Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1995 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Certain products, titles, and services mentioned are trademarks of their
respective owners. Apple, Mac, and Macintosh are registered trademarks of
Apple Computer, Inc. Prophe-Zine is not affiliated in any way with Apple
Computer, Inc.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from
the author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial
purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, MacDraw Pro, Color-It, JPEGview, Popcorn, OnLine Bible
KJV 2.1, plus any other freeware that I can get my hands on to fill up the
hard drive and use up even MORE RAM (needs 8 more megs, those graphics are
killing me)

OOPS.... I Forgot

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine  articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

*********************************************************

Welcome to Issue #7

Hello all and thank you for taking the time to down load issue #7 of
Prophe-Zine. I want to take this time to say that I am sorry that I missed
August. I was on vacation and was not behind my computer very much. I went
to visit some friends in Montana and to check out those Russian tanks I
have heard so much about, I did not see any. I did have my camera ready
though. I did a little bit of research on the Church Universal Triumphant
while I was there.(C.U.T....Elizabeth Claire Prophet) I went to look at
their compound. It was very interesting. They are a right wing patriot
group who mixes HEAVY New Age theology and patriotism together.

In this issue we are going to be taking a look at the New Age movement. I
have been really amazed that in this resent summer there has been a boost
in "New Age Propaganda". You can't turn on the TV and NOT be bombarded with
some sort of New Age Ideology. I have noticed in the past years and months
a blurb here or a symbol there, but this last summer I was just blown away.


Just look at how many shows are conditioning the masses to the New Age
theology. Kung-Fu, Vanishing Son, Star Trek Voyager, Babylon 5,etc. I can
go on and on. You can't watch one show and not see some sort of "meditation
this" or "enlightenment that". Where have all the Christians gone and why
have we allowed this to happen? Have we reached great apostasy? New Age is
even sneaking into our churches!

In this issue I have gathered some articles from Patti Lalonde of
Christian World Report and from Texe Marrs, plus some other VERY good
authors.  In this issue I would like to bring to the forefront what New Age
is and how it is seeping into every corner of our life. I hope that you
enjoy this issue of Prophe-Zine. I hope that it educates you to what is
happening and how the enemy is hard at work. If you have any comments or
questions, please feel free to write me at...

ray673@best.com
Raymond673@aol.com
gano@eworld.com

May the Lord be with you and your family and never stop running the race.

In His service,

Ray

********************************************************

The Emerging Goddess and the Gender Agenda

 by Patti Lalonde

   "First woman became First Mother and she had many children. She called
them her rainbow family. She taught them to live in harmony and balance.
She gave them a dream of peace and they were nurtured by her abundance.
When First Mother knew her time had come and her tasks were finished she
began to change into something other than what she had been. But before her
rainbow family spread out across the earth they promised First  Mother if
she ever needed them, if she were threatened, they would reform the rainbow
family, stand together and give their strength to protect First Mother,
Mother of us all.

   "We are part of the rainbow family, you and I. And today the Earth
needs protection as never before. As we turn into the 21st century, people
everywhere are beginning to recover their reverence for the Earth, to draw
meaning from an  older world, the world of Gaia, the Earth goddess."

   This ancient Celtic tale summarizes the beliefs of today's neo-paganism
and women's spirituality movement, one of the fastest growing
spiritualities in  North America today. Thousands of women everywhere are
embracing "the  goddess." "In the beginning, there was no God," writes
Sonia L. Nazario. "There was the Goddess. She peered into the great void
and created the Heaven and  the Earth, and in this new domain women ruled.
The world was peaceful and  both sexes worshiped her." [The Wall Street
Journal; "Is Goddess Worship  Finally Going to Put Men in Their Place?";
June 7, 1990]

   "We also are men of like passions with you, and preach unto you that ye
should turn from these vanities unto the living God, which made heaven, and
earth, and the sea, and all things that are therein" (Acts 14:15).

   I first came in contact with the Celtic tale while reviewing a
three-part video series on women's spirituality offered by the National
Film Board of Canada. The NFBC's Spirituality Video Collection offers 20
videos that look at  "spirituality across the globe." It looks at "life and
the afterlife," says its promotional material, "the changing role of
religion in Canada, spiritual  healing, women and spirituality, Tibetans in
exile..." "The Women and  Spirituality Trilogy" which I obtained looks at
why so many women today are  turning to alternative pagan spiritualities.
The trilogy is made up of three  videos titled "Goddess Remembered", "The
Burning Times" and "Full Circle".

   One thing I noted from reviewing the video series, and from other
research I've conducted on the subject, is that many women turn to goddess
worship because they have been disappointed with mainstream religions and
churches. Over and over again the women interviewed said they felt there
was  no place for women in the church in which they grew up in.
Unfortunately, it is apparent they did not learn of the freedom we have in
Christ when we embrace  Him as our Savior and allow Him to be Lord of our
lives.

   "For ye are all the children of God by faith in Christ Jesus.  "For as
many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on  Christ.  "There
is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is  neither
male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus.

"And if ye be Christ's then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to
 the promise" (Galatians 3:26-29).

   Remembering the millions of women, in "The Burning Time", who were
burned at the stake by the Roman Catholic church during the Inquisition,
many women who have turned to neo-paganism feel they are justified in their
anti-Christian/anti-God sentiments. Unfortunately, they do not recognize
that  what took place at the Inquisition had nothing to do with the Word of
God. Countless born-again Christians also died at the hands of the Roman
Church  at the Inquisition. Their crime during the Reformation was their
adherence to  "sola scriptura".

   Looking at such historical events, many of these women feel that
Christianity is a man-made religion designed to deliberately suppress women
and the goddess. It is under this misconception that they have come to
rebel  against the redemptive power of the cross. "From the time I was a
little kid,"  says radical feminist and witch Susan Gale, "I couldn't
accept redemptive  suffering. Why is the central metaphor of most religions
the bloody, violent  death of a male? Why is it not birth?" [The Washington
Post; Apr. 28, 1991]

   Starhawk is a modern witch. She rejected her Jewish  heritage to
embrace  neo-paganism and now is an author and instructor at the Institute
for Culture  and Creation. In one of her books, Dreaming the Dark, she
wrote, "For the  image of the tortured male body on the cross confronts our
unconscious hope  that maleness itself can remove us from the sphere of
mortality, from death and  pain. But instead of forcing us through that
confrontation to a deeper  connection with our own mortal flesh and life,
Christianity cheats us with the  false promise of an other worldly
resurrection."

   In essence, the women's spirituality movement today is a rebellion
against what they call a patriarchal system, and God's redemptive plan for
all  mankind, including women. In their rebellion they have embraced
witchcraft  and paganism, which they claim are pure traditional
spiritualities that have  been around longerthan the Bible. Interestingly,
the Bible equates rebellion  with witchcraft.

   "For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as
iniquity  and idolatry" (I Samuel 15:23).

   Neo-paganism appeals to the rebellious spirit sweeping the world today.
 It is tolerant of diverse spiritual paths. It is intolerant of Christian
tenets. "The  Earth to survive," says journalist and witch Margot Adler,
"has to rely on a  certain kind of diversity. And one should not be afraid
of that, because I think  that if we are facing one problem as a planet, I
think it's the fear of that  complexity that is driving so many cultures,
so many people into the exact  opposite extreme fundamentalisms of all
types. And I think that the pagan perspective essentially is a cry against
that." (Full Circle: The Women's Spirituality Trilogy)

   Furthermore, neo-paganism appeals to today's spiritually rebellious in
that it recognizes self-divinity. Pilgrims journeyed from all over the
ancient  world to visit the oracle at Delphi. Passing through the gate to
the oracle they  would read the inscription, "Know Thyself", one of the
central teachings of  goddess worship, both past and present.

   Starhawk, a modern oracle for goddess spirituality notes, "For me the
goddess is imminent. She is the world. She is us. She is nature. She is the
changing of the seasons. She is the Earth herself. It's as if the whole
universe  were one living being that we are part of. And that's what we
call goddess. God,  what is sacred, which ultimately means what is
valuable, is found outside the  world. It's very different if you say
goddess is imminent. It's in the world. Then  everything in the world has
its own value." (Full Circle: The Women's  Spirituality Trilogy)

   "Can any hide himself in secret places that I shall not see him? saith
the Lord. Do not I fill heaven and earth? saith the Lord?" (Jeremiah
23:24).

   As Starhawk noted, goddess worshippers do not see her as a separate
 Supreme Being in the way Christians view God. They see the whole universe
as  a living being known as the goddess. To neo-pagans she is a life force
to be manipulated through occult practices like visualization, chanting,
and the  casting of spells. "As witches," comments Ruth (Hard Copy; July
20, 1990), "we  ally ourselves with the forces of nature, and when we
invoke the elements, we  can, in conjunction with them, create what we
want--and that's what casting  spells is. It's calling on all the forces of
nature and our own power to direct our  will in a particular way--to get
what we want."

   Because neo-pagans supposedly manipulate forces of "nature", they often
accuse Christians of erroneously labeling them as Satan worshippers. They
claim they do not to believe in Satan, therefore, they do not worship him.
However, as Christians we believe that all who do not worship God have been
deceived by Satan, the father of lies (John 8:44). And the common theme
running through pagan religions  throughout the ages suggests a common
source of these lies being embraced. Berit Kjos writes in her book Under
the  Spell of Mother Earth (pg. 48), "Since pagan societies sought secret
wisdom  through magic and spiritism, they drew inspiration from the same
occult  source. It is not surprising that many myths from around the world
simulate  biblical history and resemble one another. Satan's army of
demons, hiding  behind the diverse mask of man-made deities, happily
supplied pagan priests  [and priestesses] with counterfeit versions of
God's revealed truth. Thus, man- made myths blended occult revelations with
human imagination. Notice how  this is happening all around us today."

   Satan has passed down the same lies from generation to generation,
starting with Eve in the Garden of Eden. It was there that the serpent
twisted  what God had said, thereby, tempting Eve to taste of the forbidden
fruit. It is  ironic that it is once again women, as part of the goddess
spirituality  movement, who have been deceived by the serpent and are
attempting to pass  on the forbidden fruit to others, just as Eve did to
Adam.

   Indeed, many women today get caught up in the feminist/women's
spirituality movement unawares. Many think that when they are becoming
involved with the women's movement they are fighting for issues like job or
salary equality. But some of  the issues that the neo-pagan movement
lobbies  heavily for are lesbian and gay rights, and women's issues, which
translates,  abortion rights. This is ironic since those in the women's
spirituality movement  claim to revere life. Now this is not to say that
ALL women caught up in these  alternative spiritualities embrace ALL of the
same beliefs. And it is not to say only women are caught up in goddess
spirituality and paganism. Many men  have become part of the movement as
well.

   Others think that they are learning about their own health and well
being when they become involved in women's issues. I was flipping through
some programs on television the other day and I stopped at a program about
women's health and well-being. It was the very first episode of this
particular  show [I can't remember the name of it now] so I decided to
watch it for a few  moments to see what it was about. One segment was about
breast cancer.  Another segment was about reducing stress with music
therapy, using new age  music, chanting, and rhythmic drum beating. Women
tuning in to this new  program think they are getting information on their
health and fitness. But in  reality, blended in with the medical
information, they are getting some basic  lessons on neo-paganism and new
age spirituality. The serpent is still subtly at  work. And the entire
world is his modern Garden of Eden.

   But one of the main ways in which women get caught up in neo-paganism
is through concerns for the environment. They often find themselves
indoctrinated in earth-based religions which seek to renew awe and respect
for  planet Earth, Mother Earth, the goddess. They learn that all living
things are  sacred and interconnected. Grandmother Twila, an elder of the
Seneca Nation,  notes in "Full Circle", "It's a family structure.
Everything in nature is a relative  and our lives are connected to this
relationship. We look at the birds and all the  animals as our little
brothers and sisters. So you cannot separate a family  structure like that.
The trees are our teachers and the plants and everything  are all
relatives. We look at the Earth as our mother."

   While it is true that there are biological links and interconnections
throughout the ecosystem, there is definitely not a spiritual
interconnectedness. The relationship is scientific, not spiritual, as
goddess  worshippers would have us to believe. Neo-paganism twists reality
and bends  truth. Ironically, the word wiccan, used to denote today's
modern witches and  pagans, is derived from the Anglo-Saxon word "wic"
which means to bend or  shape. While neo-pagans claim it means to bend or
shape one's consciousness,  or events in their lives, there is certainly
clear evidence that it also means to  bend reality and truth.

   Here's another example in which reality is bent out of shape. Berit
Kjos  writes in Under the Spell of Mother Earth, "The following 1990
version of the  Thanksgiving myth was circulated to about half of all our
nation's elementary  schools by Scholastic News:

   "'GIVE THANKS TO THE EARTH: The first Thanksgiving feasts were harvest
festivals. People gathered to celebrate successful harvests and to thank
the Earth for its fruits. You can celebrate the earth every day by always
taking  care of the environment.'" [emphasis added]

   This is an obvious perversion of the historical account of the pilgrims
and the Thanksgiving feast. And it is a clear perversion of God's Word
which  tells us the earth was cursed because of the sin committed by Adam
and Eve.

   "And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice of
thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee, saying,
Thou  shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow
shalt thou eat of  it all the days of thy life;

   "Thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt
eat the herb of the field" (Genesis 3:17-18).

   "And in the process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the
fruit  of the ground an offering unto the Lord.

   "And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the
fat  thereof. And the Lord had respect unto Abel and to his offering:"But
unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect" (Genesis 4:3-5a).

   Today's  women's spirituality movement, centered on earth-based
paganism, is seen as a cry of help for "Mother Earth". Without the
dismantling  of the current male-dominated, patriarchal system, we are told
planet Earth  will perish. It is our duty as part of the rainbow family of
ancient lore to return  to the spiritual traditions of our ancestors. We
must have a spiritual awakening  for the survival of planet Earth, "our
mother."

   Dominican priest and founder of the Institute for Culture and Creation,
Matthew Fox, noted, "I think frankly that the survival of the Earth today
depends upon an earth consciousness, that we move beyond nationalism, for
example, to a sense of bio-regionalism, and an earth, ugh, survival. That
we  move beyond dualisms of first world/third world, north/south,
communist/socialist/capitalist. It's all, um, it's over with. I think the
only  future the planet has is a spiritual awakening that's global; global
but local.  And this is why I think the earth religions are coming forth at
this time in  history." (Full Circle: The Women's Spirituality Trilogy)

   Indeed, it is not without coincidence that as we approach the Rapture
and the Tribulation we are seeing a renewed interest in earth-based
spirituality. Mystery Babylon of Revelation 17 is rising from the ashes.
And with her re- emergence we see her goddess being revived as well: Ishtar
(Babylon), Astarte  (Canaan), Artemis (Greece), Kali (India), Isis (Egypt),
Diana (Ephesus). She is  the same throughout history, throughout the world.
"The written story of the  Goddess," observes Berit Kjos (Under the Spell
of Mother Earth; pp. 83-84),  "began in ancient Sumeria, Mesopotamia, and
Babylonia--three nations nestled  between the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers.
The Sumerians called her Inanna;  she was both sister and lover of Shamash,
the sun god. But by the year 2000  B.C. when Abraham journeyed through this
territory on his way from Ur to  Haran, the conquering Amorites had swept
through the region, established Babylon as their capital, and renamed the
Goddess Ishtar.

   "Ishtar, Queen of Heaven, represented fertility and victory, and was
nostranger to war. For more than a millennium, her 'sacred' prostitution
cult with  its profane sexual practices marked and molded cultures in a
multitude of  nations...

   "Her horrendous religious practices were opposed to everything God had
taught His people. In Canaan, as elsewhere, Ishtar's temple worship
included  astrology, spiritism, sorcery, sexual perversion, prostitution,
and ritual  murder."

   It is no wonder that Revelation 17 refers to this woman of Mystery
Babylon, a seducer of mankind, the MOTHER OF HARLOTS.

   "And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet colour, and decked
with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand
full  of abominations and filthiness of her fornication:

   "And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE
 GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH"
 (Revelation 17:4-5).


**********************************************************************

Tex  Mars  of the Southwest Radio Church speaks out about Earth Day:


There's something very tragic and sad but it's something you need to know
about.

There's something very incredible that's going to be occurring  on April
22, 1990. It's called Earth Day, 1990, and it is the latest and greatest
New Age extravaganza. All over the world people will be  meeting in various
locations and invoking various spirits  on behalf of MotherEarth, the
earth goddess, Gaya, the Greek  earth goddess
from the past.

They say "Save our environment. Stop world pollution. Let us  all be
together  in unity and harmony as one.  Let  us  protect  the sacred soil
of our planet. Let this be a planetary day."

This  sounds so good; this sounds so wonderful. It seems so  pure to
protect "Mother Earth." But is it pure? Is it harmless? Is  it helpful? Or
is this simply a diabolical - literally an evil  plot dreamed up by Satan
and his demons?

Are people being lured into participating into nothing more  than a
massive planetary devil fest?

You'll  remember  the Harmonic Convergence of Aug.  16-17,  1987. They
met  at  various locations around the U.S. -  new  agers  - thousands of
them around the globe. They went to Peru, to  Egypt; many went right here
to what they call sacred locations where the supposed energy forces came in
around the universe - our  planet. They went to Enchanted Rock in Austin,
TX. They were in Seattle - all  over  the United States New Agers met.
Some  "ohmed;"  some chanted; others had witchcraft ceremonies,
incantations to spirit guides.  My understanding from what I read is that
some  actually cried out "666 come forth and seize dominion of this globe."

We've  also  had  other  devil festivals. We  had  World  Day  of Healing.
We had World Meditation Day. You'll remember Live  Aid, and the song "We
Are the World." And they're going to continue.

The plan of the New Age masters is to raise our consciousness  as human
beings. All of this is connected with Mystery Babylon. Read Revelation 17
and you'll understand about Earth Day because there we see pictured in all
her horror the Mystery Babylon Woman.  The whore of Babylon. There she is
astride a beast, drunken with  the blood of the saints and the martyrs of
Jesus.

This  is a picture that our Lord showed the Apostle John  of  the last
days' world church of Satan. There are two churches in  the last  days: the
church of the Living God, the only God there  is, Jesus Christ, who died
for us and loves us. But there is  another church, the worldwide church of
Satan, and Revelation 17 says  it is Mystery Babylon connected with the
beast.

There  is a woman because the Babylonians and all of those  false pagan
religions worshipped a mother goddess. They said  she  was literally the
earth and she was impregnated by the sun god, Baal. But  it  all  began
with Nimrod in Babylon.  Nimrod,  the  mighty hunter according to Genesis
who built the Tower of Babyl with his goddess queen, who was the first
woman goddess.

They  believe  the earth and stars are sacred; that all  is  god. There is
no personal god but all of us are god: the earth is god, the  sun is god
and so we have the earth goddess,  Mother  Earth. That's  where  the
saying came from  - you've  heard  of  Mother Nature as well.

Earth Day is coming up and we're told to protect our environment.
Shouldn't  we  protect our environment? Oh my goodness,  yes!  My wife,
Wanda, and I have lived in our home for a number of  years. It's not the
fanciest home in the world and it's not a mansion or palace. It's modest in
terms of what others consider a home.  But that home is special to us. God
put us there; He gave us a  home. He takes care of you and I if we follow
him as Christians.

And  we like to keep our home clean. Why? Because we're proud  of our
home. It's good to take care of the things God has given  us. He  has given
us this earth and of course we should take care  of it. But if you put all
your interest in on any material things  - if  protecting,  preserving and
conserving Mother Earth  is  more important to you than the spiritual
things, then you have a  real problem.

Some  day  all  these  material things will  fade  away  but  the
spiritual things will last forever.

Those  past  New Age celebrations were like nothing  compared  to this
Earth Day. This news release was put out by the Los  Angeles Times - there
are some big folks involved in Earth Day 1990.

A  major fund-raiser, in fact he's been called  the  fund-raising czar  of
the world, Roger Craver, is putting  all  these  things together. They're
going to get millions of dollars in a kitty  to push this campaign.

A  Los  Angeles  public relations consultant,  Josh  Beran,  said "We're
going  to organize this like the movie 'Batman'  so  that when Earth Day
arrives on April 22, everybody will know about it. Earth  Day  can be the
booster rocket for the next  10  years  in making people change behavior."

Would you like to change your behavior to do what the devil wants you  to
do instead of God? We're on the threshold of the  seventh glorious - I
should say unglorious - millennium of man. I believe we're heading to the
millennium of Jesus Christ.

This is going to be the decade where we see a one-world order,  a
one-world religion, a one-world economy and an antichrist.  Satan certainly
has plans to bring everything to a head. Certainly  all the signs are there
of these last days.

One  of  the  people involved in this Earth Day  campaign  -  the
chairman, Dennis Hayes, says "We want to change the world."  He's an
attorney from San Francisco.

They've already got 33 nations around the world participating  in this
Earth Day. They've got Boy Scouts. They've got Girl  Scouts. They've  got
Hollywood stars. This is from the New  York  Times, Oct.  23,  1989: Here
are some of the  entertainers  involved  in promoting  Earth  Day: Morgan
Fairchild, Candice  Bergan,  Norman Lear...

You  remember  Norman  Lear. He bankrolled this  People  for  the American
Way. They're the people going around trying to keep  the Christianity and
prayer out of the schools.

I  have an article here from USA Today, 1-9-90: Ted Danson  says, "The
entertainment industry must do our part."

Others are going to be participating in a two-hour Earth Day show on ABC.

There  are  so many involved in this. The Walt  Disney  chairman, Michael
Eisner, and his wife, Jane, are  participating.  They're going to pitch in
a lot of money and use Disney studios.

I  used to love Disney movies, but I don't know with movies  like the
"Dead Poet Society," where a teen-ager takes a gun and  blows his brains
out. I feel sorry for kids today. Do they really  have a  chance  when  we
see this occultism  all  around  the  suicide messages  like  "blow  your
brains out.  What  does  it  matter?" They're gold this in Satanic rock
albums.

And  in all these slasher movies and such that have  pictures  of gore and
bloodshed. It means a lot. God wants you to stay on here every  day  of
your  life in good health  as  much  as  you  can according  to  His will.
He doesn't want you  to  terminate  your life.  He  wants you to accept Him
and witness to others  of  His love for you, that He has saved you for all
eternity.

The  devil  will  lie to you. He's a liar. Jesus  said  he's  the father
of liars. God will make you an eternal creature - a  happy person  for the
rest of your life. God wants to hear  about  your problems. Turn to Him in
your prayer.

President George Bush has already endorsed Earth Day. Reading  in the
Associated Press, it says there's going to be an  Earth  Day celebration
and  President Bush is pushing a bill to  go  before Congress  because  he
has  already  "Given  the   administration official  blessings  to  Earth
Day  1990  with  a   proclamation supporting the nationwide activities
involved in Earth Day."

It's  going to be approved because the U.S. Congress, the  Senate and  the
House won't deprove by April 22, Earth Day.  They  know it's  going to be
all over the TV networks and splattered  across the front pages of
magazines. They want to get in on the act  and show they're doing something
for the environment.

Mikhail  Gorbechov has also said he will tape a  special  message which no
doubt will be aired on national television in America  - all around the
world through satellite TV they'll be broadcasting this Earth Day.

You may ask "What does it hurt to clean up the environment?" Well I'm  in
favor  of  cleaning up the environment.  All  ofus  as Christians are in
favor of cleaning up the environment. But  this isn't  what the Satanists
and the New Agers want. This is only  a
beginning.

If  they  can  get people involved in all these  big  world  gala
festivals they believe this consciousness can be raised and there can  be
a quantum leap into this New Age  kingdom.  That's  what they're  all
about. That's what their true goal is - a  one-world order. Will there be
such a kingdom? Will all the world have  one mind?  Turn  to Revelation 17
and you will see  where  the  Bible talks  very  clearly where there will
be  basically  a  one-world mind.

About  a year and a half ago, the New Age had a huge,  world-wide
celebration called the Global Mind Line. The Global Mind Link was getting
all  of  mankind's  minds  together  in  a  network   of consciousness  to
bring in the New Age World Order so all of  the world, except the
Christians, could be of one mind.

When  we  turn to rev. 17:12-13, we  see  something  interesting. Here's
what  God told us about the vision he had  given  to  the Apostle John.

John said "And the 10 horns which thou sawest are 10 kings, which have
received no kingdom yet but have received power as kings one hour  with the
beast. These (the rulers of the earth in the  last days) have one mind and
shall give their power and strength  unto the beast."

After  the people of this world come together in harmony,  unity, love
and  peace, they're of one mind and of one  accord.  That's exactly when
they will turn to the beast - all of their  strength and power goes to the
beast. The antichrist.

Rev.  13:1 says "The beast who rises up out of the sea."  And  in Rev. 13
we see that this beast's power will encompass the  earth. "All  the world
shall worship the beast except those whose  names are  written  in  the
Book of Life of the  Lamb  slain  from  the foundation of the world."

Part II

Until  Christ  comes  there is going to be  a  great  tribulation period
when Satan has a field day. We know he can't touch you  or me  as a
Christian unless God allows, as we learned in Job.  "All things  work
together for good," the Bible clearly  speaks.  But this Earth Day has such
"good intentions." They want to heal  the world...clean  up the
environment. We all want to live  in  clean surroundings.  It's  important
to have a clean  environment.  But there  is  a difference between those
who want to  clean  up  the environment and those who want to use this as a
tool for a  grand plan. They call it The Plan - to bring in a one-world
order.

We  see  in  Romans  and  elsewhere  in  the  Bible  there  is  a
distinction  between the creator and his creation. Paul tells  us the
pagans  of his day worship the creation  instead  of  giving thanks to God
who created the creation. There's a great confusion because the New Age
world religion teaches that this planet is  a holy, sacred, divine entity
whereas the Bible teaches there is  a personal God who loves you, the New
Age preaches, because it is a Satanic, false doctrine - another Gospel, we
see in Gal. 1:8  and 2  Cor 11:4, the New Age teaches this earth literally
is  sacred. That she is Mother
Earth.

So when they're talking about Earth Day and the New Age,  they're the
organizers and promoters, although there are  many  innocent people  who
have  jumped into it - and  they  believe  for  good purposes. and they're
being used by the New Age.

If  you're going to get involved, you're falling right  into  the hands of
Satan. You're going into it for a good reason - to clean up the
environment. But Satan has a hidden agenda.

In the New age, the earth is sacred. She is divine and we are all part of
her. She is Gaya, the Great Earth Goddess restored.  That means  Mystery
Babylon. That was the religion - they worship  the old  earth.  Witchcraft
today  is the  old  earth  religion.  So worshipping the earth is simply
nothing more than witchcraft  and that's  expressly prohibited. We see that
throughout the Bible  - in  Galatians, Deuteronomy, and many other places.
We could  talk on and on about how God has passed judgment on those who
practice witchcraft and the worship of the Earth as a deity.

This  religion - worship of the earth - began in Babylon. We  see in  Rev.
17  that it will be restored in the last  days.  It  is restored and i
believe Earth Day has a part in that.

I was reading a book by a Catholic Dominican priest, Matthew Fox: I will
have to hasten to say that a number of Catholics are upset at  Matthew Fox,
as they should be. and certainly all of  us  who are Christians should be
upset with the teachings of Matthew Fox. He  has  a  book out called the
"Coming of  the  Cosmic  Christ." That's not Jesus. The subtitle of Matthew
Fox is "The Healing  of Mother Earth and the Birth of a Global
renaissance."

What he actually says, this New age priest, is that Mother  Earth has
been nailed to the cross. He said we have  crucified  Mother Earth and it's
time to resurrect Mother Earth.

This  is very sad. We're counterfeiting. It's Jesus who  died  on the
cross for your sins and my sins, not Mother Earth.

So these things have come about - his belief in a Cosmic  Christ, a
planetary Christ (not Jesus Christ) - have come  about  simply because many
people no longer believe in the unvarnished word  of god.

Well  I'm speaking for southwest Radio church today,  as  speaker and
host,  and not only that I'm speaking for God  because  it's God's word
that teaches us that Jesus is alive. That Jesus is the only  God  there
is. Our Bible teaches  this  very  clearly.  It teaches there is no such
thing as a Cosmic Christ. There is  only Jesus  The  Christ.  The  god of
this earth.  The  Bible  is  the inerrant word of God.

What  is  a  Christian fanatic? Simply that  we  believe  in  the
unvarnished  word of God and that God rules over the  affairs  of men. And
that this New Age is something that's going to pass away because Jesus is
going to come again.

I  just  wanted to assure you that God's word preaches  that  the earth
is simply God's footstool and Heaven is His throne. It  is not  divine;
there will be a new heaven and a  new  earth.   All these  things  shall
pass away. There will be a  great  fire  and ferment and heat and there
will be a new earth someday, and Jesus Christ will reign for a thousand
years.

Recently  I  was reading in Time Magazine about this  Earth  Day. "Let
Earth Have its Day." And they mentioned in here that  there is a 115-member
American board of directors organizing this Earth Day.    This   board
includes   prominent    environmentalists, politicians,   religious
leaders,  labor   officials,   business executives, celebrities,
journalists - there are  representatives from over 33 countries. The
communications director is quoted  as saying   "We're   organizing
neighborhoods,   regions,   special constituencies. Our slogan is "Earth
Day 1990: Who says you can't change the world?"

According  to  Time  Magazine, six  national  labor  unions  have already
endorsed the event. And even President George  Bush  has endorsed  it.  And
there is a legion of  entertainers  and  movie stars  and  other
politicians who have endorsed these  Earth  Day things.

One man who used to push commonest causes has told his fellow New Agers,
"This is the way we can get in. I used to tell people  to think red. Today
I tell them 'think green, not red.'"

The commonists, the New Agers, the occultists, believe this false campaign
of  their to clean up the environment -  many  of  them don't  care to
cleanup the environment; they simply want  you  to worship the Mother
Goddess Earth instead of Jesus Christ.

The official logo of Earth Day is two triangles abutted together, one
green, one white. Inside these two triangles which constitute a diamond
there is a globe.

To  Satan  the triangle is a symbol of the  unholy  trinity:  The mother
goddess of Babylon, the father god of light (who in  their minds is
Lucifer) and then there is the son, the third member  of the unholy
trinity.

Wanda,  my wife, has a book "New Age Lies to Women"  which  talks about
everything you'd want to know about the goddess  religion. She  points out
what Gaya is all about - this earth goddess  that the Earth Day is pushing.

Example: New Age personalities such as Marilyn Stone and  Matthew Fox  and
others ... On April 6-10, 1988, celebrated  Gaya  in  a large conference
held as "The re-emergent Earth Goddess." She is, said New Realities
Magazine and New Age Magazine, the goddess  of the  living  earth. They
said the importance  of  the  ecological movement is that it is all
designed to worship the green goddess. The  goddess  of  the  earth.  In  a
book  called  "The  Women's Spirituality" book author Diana Steen, who is
a goddess New Ager, explains "The goddess is alive. Magic is afoot."

It's  the  goddess and the horned god that most  witches  worship today.

Recently in Seattle on a TV program the witches were saying  "Why do
these  people like Tex Mars criticize us?" One of  the  witch supporters
said "I am a witch and we never harm anyone. We simply love and protect
Mother Earth."

And  the  host turned to me and said "Tex,  are  you  persecuting these
witches? They say all they want to do is promote  love  of mother  earth."
And  I said "Ken, if  they're  so  innocent  and harmless, why do the
witches right here in this audience  worship the  horned  God and invoke
the goddess in their  ceremonies  and rituals?"

And he turned to the witch and said "Do you worship a horned god? And  do
you invoke the name of the goddess in your rituals?"  And the  witch smiled
and said "Well, yes, we do call up and  worship the horned god, but that's
not Satan."

There  may be some people fooled by that, but anyone  who's  read our
Holy  Bible knows the identification of satan.  He's  really probably not
any horned God as the witches worship. But Satan  is simply a spiritual
being, very advanced, very intelligent. He has you  in his sights, and we
don't have any chance at  all  without God's word.

In 1970 they had the first Earth day. Now 20 years later  they're having
the  second. The first symbol was the peace sign  with  a U.S.  flag
inside. This was very, very sad. The  peace  sign  is nothing more than a
satanic circle. What does the circle mean  to Satan? It's his lie that he
is an eternal creature who will reign forever.  That  he will cast his
throne above God in  the  stars. Well  that's  a lie. Read Isaiah. 12 and
14 that  Satan's  boasts will amount to nothing for he will end up in the
pit.

Now  inside this satanic circle is the cross turned upside  down. And the
bars of the cross are twisted and broken toward the earth -  worship  of
the earth and of the devil who is  thought  to  be under the earth by so
many.

The upside down cross mocks the crucifiction of Christ.

Our  whole million in our life is to serve Jesus and  spread  His word.
Get rid of these peace signs. They don't mean peace.  It's an affront to
Christ.

Some of the leaders of earth Day are the very people who gave  us the
Harmonic Convergence - the great New age festival of a couple of years ago.

In  a  magazine  called "A magical blend," July,  1989,  Hose  R. Guales
was interviewed. He is deeply involved in this Earth  Day and  says  it  is
going to create an  image  in  people's  mind. "Whoever controls the image
controls the mind."

Rev. 13 tells about an image - the image of the beast.

He  says "Operating out of Hollywood is very important  for  this New Age
celebration because Hollywood is the image capital of the world.

He  said  "This is a campaign for the earth.  The  equivalent  of World
War. We need that right now."

So  he's in Hollywood working full-time with some of  the  people who  put
together the Academy Awards and they're involved  in  an organization
called earth celebrations 2000.

These  people are serious. They literally believe the earth is  a goddess
and we need to cleanup the environment.

How do you understand the New Age? Go to your Bible. Go to Jesus. The  New
Age is simply a lie. Now they're not calling  Earth  Day the  New age.The
New Age is not a popular name any more  because they know Christians have
been alerted to the dangers of the  New age. Now we're going to see more
and more of the environment. The earth.  The  green. Because this is where
the New Age  is  headed along with this goddess movement.

The most important thing to remember is Jesus Christ is alive. He can
give you the strength to overcome anything that  comes  your way.  And some
day 1 :16-17, the Lord Himself shall descend  from Heaven with a shout with
the voice of the archangel and with  the trump of God and the dead in
christ shall rise first and we which are alive and remain shall be called
up in the clouds.....

Can you believe being with the Lord in the air? How glorious that will be!
I believe it because it says so in the word of God.


  This file has been brought to you by: SMCIS BBS, Sysop:  Buggs Bugnon,
P.O. Box 463, California, MD 20619  (301) 862-3160 HST 14.4

  We would like to thank one of our faithful users for transcribing  this
file from cassette to this text format.


*************************************************************


THE TREATY FROM HELL

by Texe Marrs

     Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Authority of the
     United States shall be the Supreme Law of the land; and the Judges
     in every state shall be bound, thereby, any Thing in the
     Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.

     Article VI, Constitution of the United States of America

Most Americans are of the erroneous impression that the U.S. Constitution
guarantees them certain rights, such as freedom of speech, freedom of
religion, right to protection of property, and if indicted by grand jury,
right to a fair and impartial trial by a jury of your peers. The awful
truth, however -- unknown to the masses -- is that our founding fathers
buried within the body of the Constitution a most disingenuous and
diabolical escape clause, a ticking time bomb. These men, the majority of
whom were Masons or Illuminists, inserted one, brief, seemingly
insignificant provision. This little known provision could, in light of
current events, soon prove to be the utter undoing and voiding of every
inalienable right, every freedom, and every vestige of liberty we once were
privileged to enjoy as Americans.

Tricked by Masonic Founding Fathers?

What Washington, Franklin, Jefferson, Hancock, and other founders did was
to specify in Article VI of the Constitution that any and all treaties
entered into by the U.S.A. and foreign countries have precedence and
authority over every article, jot, tittle, and iota of the Constitution. In
other words, our Masonic forefathers masterfully tricked the citizenry into
believing a lie -- that the government would forever guarantee the rights
of free citizens. In fact, these men made sure that dictatorial, ungodly,
and savage breaches and violations could craftily be written later into law
simply by
the ruse of treaties.

Treaties, then, are the Supreme Law of the Land. A treaty, says Article VI
of the Constitution, is of greater authority than the basic Constitution
itself and all of its provisions. Moreover, every judge in the United
States, from Supreme Court justices to local, municipal traffic court
magistrates, is legally bound to enforce treaties and favor them over all
other laws. As the wording in Article VI puts it, the provisions of a
treaty, however satanic, disgusting, and mean- spirited they may be, shall
ever be enforced, "any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to
the Contrary notwithstanding."

I know this sounds preposterous -- and it is. But it's also fact. A treaty
made with, say, corrupt politicians down in Mexico, with Jesuit "Father"
Aristide over in Haiti, with commie boss Boris Yeltsin in Russia, or with
some Islamic Arab sheik from Kuwait, immediately becomes the Supreme Law of
the United States of America. Every provision therein must be complied with
by residents of every town, city, and village throughout the U.S.A.

How does that make you feel, fellow Americans? Do you feel secure?

Treaties become the Supreme Law when approved by the U.S. Senate and the
President. That's it. No majority vote by the citizenry needed or
requested. Just two-thirds of the corrupt politicians who sit in the U.S.
Senate plus the rubber-stamp approval of the one man who resides at 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue -- that's all it takes for Big Brother government to
dramatically transform our lives in almost unlimited ways.

Court Precedent Elevates Treaties Over the Constitution

In sum, our most cherished constitutional rights may quickly and without
public debate be legally abolished by a scheming, wicked, Bill Clinton and
a passel of graft-taking politicians in Washington, D.C. Together, these
traitors are free to draw up a diabolical treaty with any Third World,
puppet government, tin-horn prime minister on the face of the Earth.

If you don't believe this is possible, I heartily recommend you go to a
law library and read up on the following Supreme Court cases. Yes, read for
yourself -- and then weep:

U.S. v. Thompson, 258 F. 257, E.D. Ark (1919)

U.S. v. Samples, 258 F. 479, W.D. Mo. (1919)

Missouri v. Holland, 252 U.S. 416, 434 40 S. Ct. 382, 384 (1920). Also see
U.S. v. Selkirk (1919); U.S. v. Rockefeller (1919); and U.S. v. Lumpkin
(1921).

Cerritos Gun Club v. Hall, 96 F. 2d 620 (9th Cir., 1938)

Bailey v. Holland, 126 F. 2d 317 (4th Cir., 1942)

U.S. v. Jin Fuey Moy, 241 U.S. 394,36 S. Ct. 658 (1916)

Stutz v. Bureau of Narcotics, 56 F. Supp. 810, 813 (N.D. Cal., 1944)

Balfour, Guthrie & Co. v. United States, 90 F. Supp. 831 (N.D. Cal., 1950)

Lowell H. Becraft, Jr., a highly regarded attorney from Alabama, has
carefully researched court precedents relating to the chilling abusive
power of the federal government based on treaties. He warns:

     It's easy to imagine what may be on the minds of a multitude of
     federal agencies: the pursuit of more power which is otherwise
     prohibited by the Constitution. Based on the Supreme Court's
     blessing of treaty-based powers, the federales could theoretically
     feign a "treaty" with tiny Guam to secure huge municipal power
     over virtually any subject formerly reserved "to the States
     respectively or the people" by the 10th Amendment. (Anti-Shyster
     magazine, Vol. 4, No. 4, 1994).

Who can doubt that, at this very moment, Attorney-General Janet Reno and
her mentors, Bill and Hillary Clinton, are working on a slew of sickening
schemes which can be put into action by simple treaty. All that's needed,
they must reason, is to grease the palms of a cooperative Mexican, Haitian,
Pakistan, or other decadent foreign politician, many of whom are already
secretly in the employ of the CIA.

It's Here! -- The Treaty From Hell

Indeed, the Clinton administration has already sent to the U.S. Senate for
ratification the most astonishing, most heinous treaty ever devised by the
sinful hearts of evil men. It's called the Convention on Biological
Diversity, and if this document is voted into law, you can kiss 220 years
of American freedom goodbye forever.

...The treaty itself is vaguely and fuzzily worded. In effect, it gives
the Clinton administration's environmental crazies a blank check to rewrite
and override the Constitution. It enables the United States and every other
nation on earth to change and revise all existing laws to conform to ten
United Nations objectives. I don't have room to list and describe all of
these ten objectives...

Drafted by World's Leading Occultists

When you examine this filthy, stealth document for yourself and the ten UN
objectives which accompany it, I know that you, too, will be outraged. And
you should be! The world's slimiest occultists first put this piece of
trash to together at Rio de Janeiro's Earth Summit in 1992. Maurice Strong,
the Illuminati baron whose daring exploits I exposed in my book, Dark
Majesty, is the chief, conspiratorial plotter behind it. Strong, the
chairman of the United Nations Environmental Program, is tiedin with the
notorious elitists who run the Trilateral Commission, the CFR, the World
Economic Forum, and
the Bilderbergers.

Here is just a sampling of the malignant UN objectives that are to be
accomplished under this treaty:

First, it proposes "to make nature worship a state religion."

Second, "people will be classified as the enemy," menaces to society.
Populations must be reduced to save the planet!

Third, entire land areas of the United States will be "made void of human
presence" to create huge, unpopulated, environmental "biospheres." The
people who now live in these vast regions will be driven off their land.
Their homes, farms, and ranches will be confiscated. This is necessary, say
treaty sponsors, to protect fungi, plants, bugs, birds, and other
endangered species.

Fourth, all passenger motor vehicles will be prohibited because they
pollute the environment. All home air conditioning systems must be
inactivated because use too much energy and theoretically release
ozone-destroying pollutants into the atmosphere.

Fifth, a global environmental tax will be levied on richer nations, such
as the U.S.A. and Canada, so that citizens of these countries can pay for
damage they've supposedly done to Mother Earth over the decades and
centuries past.

Sixth, a world government authority will be set up to enforce the treaty.

Seventh, citizens anywhere in the world who fight the system will be
arrested and punished by international courts.

Illuminati's Bureaucrats to Rule Over Us

This is only a brief overview of the tremendous horrors to ensue once this
monstrous treaty is enacted. Thousands of bureaucratic regulations based on
the Treaty From Hell will forever supersede and take the place of our U.S.
Constitution. Moreover, the treaty will render obsolete most state and
local
laws and ordinances. The Bill of Rights will be history -- trashed and
forgotten. The radiant fullness of the New World Order will finally be
ushered in. Christians and patriots who dissent will be crushed and
discarded. A sun-lit New Age will miraculously be at hand. The ages-old
dream of Lucifer and his Secret Brotherhood will be realized. All because
of the passage of this one, monumental, but deceitfully innocent, treaty --
the Convention on Biological Diversity.

It Can't Happen... Can It?

"But," say scoffers, "surely these horrors will not come to pass. Why,
they could never succeed in getting such an evil treaty passed by the U.S.
Senate."

To these uninformed citizens, I say, WAKE UP! Just this year the
Republicans and Democrats, working together in Congress, slam-dunked on us
the GATT bill, complete with its provision for a dictatorial World Trade
Organization. Senator Bob Dole and the boys gave us the Brady Gun Control
Act, and they back President Clinton 100% in doling out some $40 billion
to the international bankers during the recent Mexican peso financial
crisis. When the American people complained, our controlled leaders
hollered, "Shut up, and take it!"

Keep in mind, too, that the controlled, liberal media is populated by a
host of environmental wakos. They're thrilled to promote the politically
correct agenda of the biodiversity conspiracy. CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN, and the
rest of the media will never tell Americans the awful facts about this
treaty. They
don't want the public to know what is about to happen. Instead, the masses
are to be propagandized and made to believe that this treaty is just
another, wholesome tool to help America clean up its suffering, at risk
environment. It's something good, we'll all be told, like recycling and
saving the bald eagle from extinction. A mass media blackout of the true
facts regarding the Biological Diversity Treaty is already in operation.

My friends, if the truth is to be told, it is you and I who must do the
telling. ...

FLASHPOINT
Living Truth Ministries


*******************************************************



                         THE TRUTH ABOUT
                            THE WORLD
                       COUNCIL OF CHURCHES

                      by Dr. M. H. Reynolds
                   Editor, FOUNDATION Magazine

"WHAT IN THE WORLD IS THE WORLD COUNCIL OF CHURCHES?" This catchy question
is also the title of a 1978 publication ot the WCC. It is an obvious
attempt to answer some of the vital questions and criticisms which are
being raised by those who love Jesus Christ and who value our cherished
American freedoms. However, far from answering such questions and
complaints, a discerning reader will discover that the WCC actually
confirms the chares of doctrinal deviations and political radicalism.

This leaflet is written to provide factual, up to date information
regarding the World Council of Churches. We are concerned where we find so
many true, Bible-believing Christians who still hold membership in
denominations which are a part of the WCC (see complete listing of USA and
Canada member denominations on the last page) We also believe that others,
both within and without the church, who believe in our free-enterprise
system should be informed as to how ecumeNical church leaders are seeking
to replace capitalism with some form of socialism or comunism under the
false label of the Kingdom of God. All quotations given in this article are
r either from the above mentioned WCC publication or from one of the
official documents presented at the meeting of the WCC Central Committee
held in Kingston, Jamaica, January 1-11, 1979, which the author of this
leaflet attended as a member of the press. Thus, all information is
strictly up-to-date and fully documentable.

THE HISTORY OF THE WORLD COUNCIL OF CHURCHES begins with its organization
in 1948 with 147 denominations from both Protestant and Orthodox
backgrounds. Today, it has grown to include 293 member denominations
representing some 400 million people. It has been and is a major force and
voice of what is commonly called ECUMENISM, a term used to describe the
effort to bring all churches into "a visible unity in one faith and one
eucharistic fellowship". The WCC, while admitting that the ecumenical
movement is broader than its own institution, claims with ample
justification that it is "the most nearly comprehensive instrument of the
ecumenical movement in the world today". It should be further noted that,
while the original goal of the ecumenical movement and the WCC was "the
unity of the churches", the new vision of the 'WCC is for the unity of all
religions--and, in fact, all mankind. It should be clear to all who have
been watching the WCC that it has become a modern Tower of Babel.

THE DOCTRINAL POSITION OF THE WORLD COUNCIL OF CHURCHES is deceptive.
Supporters of the WCC frequently point to their doctrinal basis when
charges of doctrinal heresies and deviations are leveled against the
Council. But be sure to read the fine print! Be sure to observe how this
doctrinal basis is either ignored or stretched beyond recognition.

THE WCC's DOCTRINAL BASIS SIMPLY SAYS: "The World Council of Churches is a
fellowship of Churches which confess the Lord Jesus Christ as God and
Saviour according to the Scriptures and therefore seek to fulfil together
their common calling to the glory of the one God, Father, Son and Holy
Spirit." It is hard to find anything wrong with that, right? However, two
paragraphs later ir this WCC publication, we read, "Since the World Council
of Churches is not itself a church, it passes no judgement upon the
sincerity with which member churches accept the basis." Did you get that?
You can sign the WCC doctrinal basis whether or not you are sincere are no
one will question it. And in the very next paragraph we read the following.
"Some very conservative churches judge the basis not biblical enough; some
liberal churches DO NOT ACCEPT THE TRINITARIAN FORMULA." What do you think
about that? How can anyone claim to be Christian who denies the Trinity?
Yet, the WCC admits it has such churches in membership. In fact, the WCC
actually boasts of and glories in their doctrinal diversities. They admit
that "Ecumenism exists by holding contradictions together." They admit that
"it is impossible to speak of a single 'theology of the Council' as such."
We remind Bible believers that such unity is not true Biblical unity --it
is plain, open disobediance to the Word of God. 11 John 9-11.

WCC DOCTRINAL DEVIATIONS WERE CLEARLY OBSERVABLE from the Central
Committee documents in Jamaica. For instance, note the FALSE TEACHING OF
BAPTISMAL REGENERATION. One document said, "Through Baptism every person is
made part of the Christian Community . . " Again,"Through Baptism we are
redeemed from the powers ot sin and death and incorporated into the one
body of Christ." Note also the FALSE TEACHING OF UNIVERSALISM: "Put
succinctly, salvation is a total involvement of God in the world. There is
no sphere of life with which human beings, as individuals, as community or
as nations, have to wrestle that is not related to God. Jesus Christ is
this total involvement of God. In His life, suffering-, cross and
resurrection, all humanity with its agonies and struggles is judged,
liberated and REDEEMED. It is this Christ who has called us as Christians
to follow him in God's continuing work of creation and re-creation." And
again, "Christians believe that all human beings are part of a dynamic
pointing towards the messianic Kingdom . . . The Biblical witness refers to
this final aim as the 'Kingdom of God' which embracesthe two dimensions of
redemption of the whole of creator and personal fulfilment for each human
being." No wonder the WCC is confused in its programs It is confused in its
doctrine!

THE POLITICAL RADICALISM OF THE WORLD COUNCIL OF CHURCHES is apparent.
Just as in the case of doctrinal diversities, the WCC boasts of its ability
to hold together exact opposites in the realm of politics. They say, "On
other issues the churches recognize strong differences of opinion and seek
to maintain a continuing dialogue among their own members. These
differences are not limited to trivial matters. For example, THE WORLD
COUNCIL OF CHURCHES INCLUDES PACIfiST MEMBER CHURCHES .... IT ALSO INCLUDES
REVOLUTIONARIES. Both groups contribute insights to the WCC. They continue
to try to influence each other. And the WCC INCLUDES BOTH WITHIN ITS
FELLOWSHIP." There you have it in their own words. Do not forget for one
minute, however, that when WCC leaders speak and WCC pronouncements are
issued IT IS ALWAYS THE VOICE OF RADICALISM AND REVOLUTION THAT IS HEARD.
There are repeated attacks upon "Western Imperialism" and "capitalism" but
seldom a word of criticism for socialism and communism. Non communist
dictatorships are repeatedly attacked but no word is ever spoken against
the communist dictators. A few conservative voices are occasionally heard
within WCC meetings--but these rarely, if ever, become a part of the
official statements which go to the governments of the world and to the
United Nations as a "representative voice of the churches". Those who claim
that the WCC is becoming more ''evangelical" are either blind or naive.
Evangelicals who remain in the WCC are being used as window dressing to
hide the WCC apostasy.


IN JAMAICA, A PRIME TOPIC OF DISCUSSION WAS THE SB5,000 GRANT TO
THE PATRIOTIC FRONT OF ZIMBABWE (actually a communist guerilla group, The
Salvation Army, the Irish Presbyterian Church and a Lutheran Church in
Germany have all suspended membership in protest. Both the secular and
religious press waited for some explanation, some justification of this
atrocious grant to a group which has boasted of murdering missionaries and
shooting down a commercial airplane. But all the press really got from the
WCC was a charge that the news media had mis-represented and falsified the
situation. The WCC Central Committee stood behind its PCR Commission which
had recommended the grant and the executive officers who approved it. They
concluded by saying that "although the adverse image and understanding of
the PCR needs to be changed, the content and thrust of the PCR itself
should not be changed." Incidentally, PCR is the abbreviation for the WCC's
"Program to Combat Racism"--but in reality, it should be calledthe
"Program to Continue Revolution". Over three million dollars has been given
to radical groups around the world. While it is claimed that all monies in
this fund come from designated gifts, this program could not operate
without the administrative offices and support of the WCC. Those who remain
in membership in WCC affiliated churches cannot be absolved from
responsibility for giving this aid to the revolutionaries around the world
THE WORLD COUNCIL OF CHURCHES IS FULLY COMMITTED TO THE CREATION
OF A NEW SOCIETY based on socialistic principles and deceitfully called
"The Kingdom of God". They state: "The participation of the Church in the
creation of a new society is not a secondary or derivative dimension of its
existence. It begins at the very centre in the celebration of the
sacraments as an anticipation of what the world is to become ...." Dr.
Philip Potter, WCC General Secretary, quoted from a 1969 WCC Central
Committee directive as follows: "We call upon the churches to move beyond
charity, grants and traditional programming to relevant and sacrificial
action leading to new relationships of dignity and justice among all men
and to become THE AGENTS FOR THE RADICAL RECONSTRUCTION OF SOCIETY." He
also made it perfectly clear what this involved when he said, "But the
conflict has become intense when it has been perceived that A RADICAL
CHANGE OF ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND POLITICAL STRUCTURES ARE NEEDED AND NOT THE
MERE PRUDENTIAL TRANSFER OF RE SOURCES AND TECHNOLOGIES." Another WCC
document stated: "In the developed countries it means changes in the
production structure and employment policies which will ONLY BE POSSIBLE
THROUGH A CERTAIN 'SOCIALIZATION' of decisions that have so far been taken
autonomously on the basis of interests of the private sector." MR.
BUSINESSMAN, MR and MRS FREEDOM LOVING AMERICAN --the World Council of
Churches has made it abundantly clear what their goal is! Are you willing
to sit idly by or even help support this effort to destroy the very
foundations of our faith and freedom?

THE WORLD COUNCIL OF CHURCHES SUBSTITUTES DIALOGUE FOR WITNESSING. Having
substituted the building of a new society in place of the preaching of the
gospel of salvation by grace through faith in Jesus Christ, it is not
surprising that the WCC should forsake "witness" for ''dialogue" even while
claiming that dialogue is a form of witness, In recent years,the WCC has
been engaged in official dialogues with almost everyone, Roman Catholics,
Jews, Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus, Humanists, Traditional African Religions
and Communists. As previously noted, the original goal of "Christian unity"
has been superseded with the goal of the "unity of all mankind" They say,
"opportunities and occasions for dialogue cannot and must not be confirmed
to men of religious faiths but also must involve men of secular
ideologies." This dialogue program is attractively presented as the WCC
claims: "Dialogue offers the promise of dis covering new dimensions of
understanding our faith." One repeatedly is told of how dialogue "enriches
dimensions of understanding our faith" but strangely, nothing is ever said
about proclaiming the truth of the gospel in such a way that men "turn to
God from idols to serve the living9 and true God."

IT IS IMPORTANT TO REALIZE THAT DIALOGUE IS INDEED ONE OF THE
GREAT DANGERS AND DECEPTIONS BEING PRACTICED AND ENCOURAGED BY THE WCC.
What is dialogue? According to their own definition, dialogue is, "...an
OPENING OF THE MIND AND HEART TO OTHERS." It is an undertaking which
requires RISK as well as a deep sense of vocation....THIS OPENING, THIS
RISK, this vocation, this sensitivity are at the heart of the ecumenical
movement and hl the deepest currents of the life of the churches." Further,
the WCC says, "Love requires us to recognize and respect the integrity of
our partners who enter into dialogue from the
standpoint of their faith and commitment." This is exactly the opposite of
Biblical teaching. God says, ''And have no fellowship with the unfruitful
works of darkness but rather reprove them. " Ephesians 5:11. The WCC tells
us that dialogue is a required form of witness in a pluralistic world, yet
they take special pains to assure their partners in dialogue that they
"come not as manipulators but as genuine fellow-pilgrims ...." The WCC
principle of dialogue implies that the Christian is a searcher for truth
rather than a proclaimer of the truth. The WCC says,  "Be open,be
vulnerable, take a risk." The Word of God says, "Beware!" "Beware of false
prophets which come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly they are
ravening wolves." Matthew 7:15. Will you follow Christ or the WCC?

THE WORLD COUNCIL OF CHURCHES AND THE UNITED NATIONS coninue their close
ties. In fact, we might call then ''blood brothers" There were repeated
favorable references to all sorts of UN programs in the Central Committee
Documents at Jamaica The New International Economic Order, the New
International Informational Order, the World Health Organization, the World
Court, UNESCO, etc. It was reported that "an intervention was made on
behalf of the WCC in the Security Council debate on South Africa in March
1977" It was stated that they were seeking "to sensitize churches, inviting
them to lobby with their governments . . as well as to mark the 30th
Anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights." The WCC issued a
special document promoting the UN sponsored lnternational Year of the
Child, totally ignoring the fact that even though this appeal is made with
the image of starving children in mind, the real thrust of this program is
toward socialization of the child and the family. Individual believers and
churches that are op,c,osed to the philosophy and program of the UN should
realize that it is not their voice which is heard in places of power antl
decision--it is the voice of the false prophets in the WCC that prevail and
speak for you whether
you like it or not.

THE WORLD COUNCIL OF CHURCHES stands for DISARMAMENT and against U.S.
NATIONAL SECURITY. The WCC is geared for a massive propaganda effort
against our historic concept of national security. They want complete and
unilateral disarmament and they want it now. But it is ironic that at the
very time the WCC is attacking America and the nations of the Free World
for wanting to maintain national security, they are insisting on national
sovereignty and security for their many llew nations are governments which
have been formed through communist revolutions. Following the WCC "Program
for Disarmament and Against Militarism and the Arms Race" would leave
America defenseless against her enemies. Yet, the Central Committee in
Jamaica said that the churches should give "the highest priority" to
implementation of this program. But if you read the entire document, you
find that the WCC has taken this strong position in spite of the admission
that they have not fully explored the underlying theological issues. They
say, "These two meetings...have underlined the need for more substantial
work on the theological issues involved. They have posed questions rather
than providing answers." What dangerous hypocrisy and liberal bias this
reveals. Americans should remember that nations which lose their freedom
rarely have a second chance.

THE CONFUSION, DOUBLE-TALK AND CONTRADICTIONS IN FACT OF THE WCC ARE
CLEARLY VISIBLE TO ANYONE WHO WILL TAKE THE TIME TO STOP, LOOK AND LISTEN!
As the years have slipped by with little progress toward the goal of "one
visible church", their frustrations have been manifested in the use of
clever language to hide their failures. Instead of "One Church" we hear
talk of "conciliar fellowship' and "unity in reconciled diversity" and
trying to "relate the right kind of diversity to the right kind of unity."
Through the years, they have followed the old ecumenical motto, "Service
Unites, Doctrine Divides". But in spite of their wish to ignore doctrine,
the issue continues to re-appear At times, WCC leaders introduce new word
games or "theological breakthroughs" which they announce with a great
fanfare, seeking to revive the hopes of their disillusioned followers.

THE LATEST "BRIGHT SPOT" ON THE WCC's THEOLOGICAL HORIZON is the idea that
while they may not all be able to agree on the content of their faith, they
can all agree that there is HOPE. The problem is that they cannot even
agree on what that HOPE is. One of the WCC documents at Jamaica said, "The
difference between the hopes expressed from different parts of the world --
Africa, Latin America, North America, Eastern Europe--diverged so widely
that ONE WAS TEMPTED TO ASK WHETHER THEY WERE SPEAKING OF THE SAME HOPE or
indeed whether they can even give a common account of hope." But they went
on to state, "Yet, the common attempt itself has become a source of hope.''
How sad it is that those in the WCC are ignoring the Bible which tells us
plainly that our hope -- our only hope--is the return of Jesus Christ.
Titus 2:13. How sad it is that they ignore the teaching of Scripture that
the Kingdom of God is not some socialistic kingdom established through the
efforts of man, but a perfect and righteous Kingdom to be set up by our
Lord Jesus Christ in spite of and apart from any effort of man to either
thwart or aid the establishment of that Kingdom. Daniel 2:44. Revelation
19:13-16.

AT THE VERY HEART OF THE WHOLE MATTER IS THE FAILURE OF THE WORLD
COUNCIL OF CHURCHES TO ACCEPT THE BIBLE as the authoritative, infallible,
inerrant, eternal, unchangeable Word of God. Note the following: "In the
WCC we experience both the possibility for common confession of faith and
worship together and also the obstacles to Christian unity, We are agreed
in giving vital place in our thinking to bible study and worship; we are
able to worship our one Lord in the very different way of the churches
represented among us. YET WE ARE ALSO AWARE OF PROBLEMS CONCERNING THE
AUTHORITY OF THE BIBLE REMAINING UNSOLVED AMONG US and of the fact that we
are not yet part of one eucharistic fellowship. It is not surprising
therefore that there is controversy among Christians about the meditative
use (rather than simply the intellectual study) of the holy books of other
faiths and about the QUESTION OF COMMON WORSHIP BETWEEN THOSE OF DIFFERENT
FAITHS." One speaker said, "The document on Hope coming out of Bangalore
had succeeded in bringing out the fruitful tension between doctrinal unity
and union in radical involvement in human hopes. But it has not settled the
underlying question." What is that underlying question? "The problem is no
longer the  problem of loving one another, but the problem of understanding
the faith." The doctrinal basis of the WCC is an empty shell -- a front to
deceive the unwary. Only by accepting God's Word as our only, absolute and
final authority can we enter into true unity with those who truly belong to
Christ--and at the same time be fully separated from those who appear as
angels of light but are in reality the servants of Satan.

MANY OTHER PROGRAMS AND FACETS OF THE WORLD COUNCIL OF CHURCHES could be
helpfully presented and documented if space permitted. Take Roman
Catholicism for example. The WCC has grown so close to the Roman Catholic
Church that they now say, "The days of wi(lning converts from each other
are over . . ." Take the question of communism. You will never find the WCC
to be anti-communist. In fact, they state plainly, "The story of primitive
anti-communism and anti-communist crusades in the Christian Church is a
long and sad one." Red Agents and Communist puppet church leaders sit, work
and propagandize at all levels of the WCC organization The WCC and the NCC
have been decisive forces in preparing the way for the shameful U.S.
recognition of Red China. Though denying charges of pro-communism, the WCC
track record is a long and consistent testimony to the fact that they are
one of communism's strongest and best allies. The WCC is doing everything
possible to indoctrinate young people into the radical, revolutionary
ecumenical philosophy. It was reported that four young people, including
one WCC staff person, attended the "11th World Festival of Youth and
Students" in Cuba in 197B. They reported a "warm and wholehearted welcome
from the Cuban people and the freedom to move around the island and to talk
to the people." And what was the purpose of this meeting? They said, "These
meetings provided opportunities for the Christian Youth to discuss the
issues of the festival and the meaning of Christian commitment today, AS
WELL AS TO EXPRESS SOLIDARITY IN THE STRUGGLES FOR JUSTICE AND AGAINST
IMPERIALISM IN THE WORLD TODAY."Is there any talk of struggling against
Communism? Oh, no, it is only against Imperialism!

THE NEXT THREE YEARS WILL BE CRITICAL YEARS FOR THE WORLD COUNCIL
OF CHURCHES, largely because of severe financial problems. The fact that
most of the WCC money comes from the USA, coupled with the devaluation of
the dollar in comparison with the Swiss Franc, means that the WCC is faced
with what one leader called "The moment of truth in WCC finances". To avoid
drastic and immediate cut-backs of staff and programs, they approved
deficit spending for the next three years, drawing on reserves or even
borrowing if necessary. Financing is apparently already in hand or in view
to proceed with their big conference in Cambridge, Massachusetts, July
12-24, 1979, on the theme, "FAITH, SCIENCE AND THE FUTURE" and their big
missionary-evangelism conference to be held in Melbourne, Australia, May
12-25, 1980, on the theme "YOUR KINGDOM COME". The 1979 conference will
seek to join religion and science to further socialism and the 1980 meeting
will promote socialism in the name of the Kingdom of God.

IF ONLY GOD'S PEOPLE WOULD WAKE UP AND SEE HOW THE WORLD COUNCIL OF
CHURCHES IS USING THE CHURCHES TO DESTROY THE VERY FOUNDATIONS OF FAITH AND
FREEDOM, what a difference it could make! If only God's people would
immediately withhold support and withdraw membership from the WCC and then
begin attending and supporting only those churches that refuse to
compromise with the ecumenical apostasy, what a difference it would make!
Further loss of support now could be critical for the WCC. Are you one of
those who are supporting the WCC by your finances and membership even while
decrying its heretical, radical programs? If so, why lot obey God -- COME
OUT AND BE SEPARATE (1 Corinthians 6:14) and join hands with those who are
willing to stand up and speak out for our God-given liberties in which
enable us to preach the gospel (good news) of Jesus Christ instead of a
socialist revolution .

                    WORLD COUNCIL OF CHURCHES
                     MEMBER DENOMINATIONS IN
                       THE USA AND CANADA

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

African Methodist Episcopal Church. African-Methodist Episcopal Zion
Church, American Baptist Churches in the U.S A, American Lutheran Church;
The Antiochian Orthodox Christian Archdiocese of New York and all North
America; Christian Church (Disciples of Christ); Christian Methodist
Episcopal Church; Church ot the Brethren; The Episcopal Church; Hungarian
Reformed Church in America: International Evangelical Church; Lutheran
Church in America, Moravian Church in America (Northern Province); Moravian
Church In America (Southern Province), National Baptist Convention of
America; National Baptist Convention, U.S.A.,  Inc.; National Council of
Churches of Christ in the U S.A.; National Council of Community Churches;
The Orthodox Church in America; Polish National Catholic Church of America;
Presbyterian Church in the United States; Progressive National Baptist
Convention; Reformed Church in America; Religious Society of
Friends--Friends General Conference -- Friends United Meetings, United
Church of Christ; The United Methodist Church; The United Presbyterian
Church in the United States of America.

CANADA

The Anglican Church of Canada; Canadian Council of Churches; Canadian
Yearly Meeting of the Society of Friends; Christian Church (Disciples of
Christ), The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Canada, The Presbyterian Church
in Canada; The United Church of Canada.

********************************************************


WHAT IS THE NEW AGE AND HOW IS IT AFFECTING US?
posted on the Prophecy Club BBS

SOCIETY

* The New Age Movement is the maturing of the hippie movement and the
human potential movement. It's plan is to restore to Earth the Ancient
Occult Mysteries, the Luciferic Initiation (through altered states), to
reveal to man his own divinity, to manipulate and control a universal
energy, and to usher in the New World Order. It's conspirators believe
society is on the threshold of an evolutionary leap of consciousness. They
see the Earth as a living organism, and humanity as billions of cells of a
global brain. Many cells are cancerous and need to be eradicated,
[Christians?] to complete the transformation. Traditional ways of thinking
are being replaced with altered states of consciousness and massive mind
control. [Like the Blue Beam Project?]

* Ted Turner is calling for one-child families worldwide. (He has five,
Jane has two!)

* Earth Day has played a major role in society's mindset about the
environment. Prior to Earth Day 1990, few knew that Mother Earth was about
to croak. Earth Day did what it was designed to do: It was an exercise in
thought reform and behavior modification of an entire nation. It told us
the Earth was decaying and human beings, industry and development were the
reason. There are too many people on the earth, using up all the resources.
It created a form of hysteria, instilled guilt and fear-of-the-future and
an urgent sense of personal and corporate responsibility - a need to DO
SOMETHING QUICK. We began monitoring ourselves and each other. Many even
felt guilty for being alive.

* Earth Day was manipulated to fall on Lenin's Birthday. The legislation
designating April 22, 1990 as Earth Day was carried by then Senator Al
Gore. The man who headed it up, Denis Hayes, was a fiery anti-Viet Nam war
activist, and is a closet socialist who uses his leadership in the
environmental movement to crusade against the American Military and
industry. He started the Good Housekeeping Green Seal of Approval.

* Wilderness areas and national parks have been predesignated to be set
aside and used eventually as collateral in a giant global land-for-debt
swap, to set up an international economic system. [When the US economy
falls?] A World Conservation Bank (provided for in Agenda 21) will end up
owning over 34% of the world's land and rich resources, when the debts
cannot be repaid.

* A further plan to control the peoples of developed nations is to remove
their motor vehicles from the "crowded and congested highways." Germany and
other European countries are experimenting with "car-free zones." People
are coerced to sign agreements not to own cars, and to ride mass transit,
bike or walk - alternative transportation. This forces them to alter their
life styles, live in cities and come under the control of the World Banking
System. Paul Volker said "the powers that be are going to lower your living
standards." The US will become a third world country within a few years

* Al Gore has called for a Global Marshall Plan for international
population control; a redistribution of the world's wealth and a whole new
generation of international treaties that have precedence over all national
laws as well as a system for being able to spy on the people of the world,
using children and teachers in classrooms globally. Called the Mission to
Planet Earth. It's all been set in motion.

BUSINESS

* New Agers write that the oversoul of the New Age Movement is Lucifer,
the light-bearer (Satan masquerades as an angel of light) and that all must
undergo a Luciferic initiation.

* Businesses, the government, health care industries, education and
churches are hiring New Age programmers to teach group thinking and
cooperation.

* Taxpayers have funded at least $1.6 million in New Age training for
4,000 of FAA's employees, including air traffic controllers, altering their
thinking with techniques drawn from the channelled teachings of a 35,000
year-old spirit, named Ramtha. A 600 page report exposing the 9-year
training program is now being edited by Washington lawyers, removing names
of officials and others who were involved. The IRS, the National
Transportation Safety Board and part of the Army have undergone Ramtha
training indoctrination.

HOE WILL IT BE IMPLEMENTED?

* Those who refuse will be dealt with severely. A channelled New Age Bible
says we all must change or die, since the pale horse death is about to pass
among us to remove at least half of the world's population, who stand in
the way of world "peace." [Note: Even Satan's people read Bible Prophecy
and know it is true!] CFR member Lester Brown, of Worldwatch Institute and
editor of The State of the World report, is calling for the "removal" of
four-billion people by the year 2010, to save nature from destruction. [See
an American people elimination facility in America Under Siege -see a long
brick building with one turnstile entrance with two large furnaces attached
-with three large six-inch gas mains going to them. Prophecy is coming to
pass. See Rev. 6:8, 17:6 and 20:4]

* Oceanographer Jacques Cousteau was quoted in the UNESCO Courier in
November 1991 as saying, "to stabilize world population we must eliminate
350,000 people per day. It's a horrible thing to say, but it's just as bad
not to say it."

WHO ARE THE LEADERS OF THE NEW AGE?

* Last year's Cairo Conference on World Population Control, the third of
its kind, was cochaired by the vice-President of the International
Socialist Party, Norway's prime minister Gre Harlem Brundtland. She also
cochaired the Earth Summit in Rio in 1992, along with an occultist -
billionaire Maurice Strong.

* Maurice Strong is on the Board of Advisors for Lindisfarne, a druid
association that has its current headquarters at the largest New Age church
in the world - the gothic Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York.

* NAFTA was the plan of David and Nelson Rockefeller, as was AFTA - the
entire western hemisphere as a trade zone and Region One of the New World
Order. NAFTA was designed after the European Community model, according to
their own literature.

* The Recycling myth, started by the mob, has been exposed by the Wall
Street Journal.

* The NRPE is being funded by New World Order endowments - the Ford
Foundation, the Pew Charitable Trusts, Stephen C. Rockefeller, the
Rockefeller Foundation and the Turner Foundation.

* NEA targeted 45 million school children with Earth Day curriculum that
taught kids that the Earth is alive, is their Mother and needs to be
protected and prayed to. Kids were pitted against industry and development,
adults, and parents. They have become Mother Earth's little police force,
even given a toll-free number to the EPA, and surveys to turn people in.
Reminiscent of Hitler Youth.

PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT OR KILLING PEOPLE?

* Mr. Strong has preached at the largest New Age church in the world - the
gothic Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York. He also moved from
Canada to Colorado, to buy up the Baca Grant Ranch and entice New Age
occultists to move to the area. There, he formed American Water
Development, Inc., along with former head of FBI & EPA William Ruckleshaus,
Dick Lamm and others. They set about trying to legally steal water from one
of the world's largest aquifers, out from under the local land owners.
Pumping the water out, would have turned the lush Baca valley into a dust
bowl. Locals hired a legal firm, sued AWDI and won.

* Mr. Strong, who headed up the Earth Summit, still pretends to be an
environmentalist, and has made inroads into the Christian community. He has
forwarded a book for World Vision called "Patching God's Garment," on the
environment and even wrote a chapter for the book, knocking Scripture!!

HOW DOES IT AFFECT THE CHURCH?

* World Vision has joined a partnership to "green the church" -green means
"red" - called the National Religious Partnership for the Environment, and
headquartered at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine. The partnership is
headed by Al Gore, Tim Wirth, Dr. Carl Sagan, Paul Gorman, Amy Fox and the
cathedral's dean James Parks Morton - all New Agers. The purpose of the
NRPE is to merge science and religion - paganism - and to recruit volunteer
laborers for the State, while turning millions of congregants into a
spiritual/political action force for Mother Earth.

* James Parks Morton believes the Earth is God's Body, and the whole world
must become the Cathedral - the Cathedral of Socialism.

* The NRPE includes World Vision, the National Council of Churches, the US
Catholic Conference, the Evangelical Environmental Network, the Coalition
on the Environment and Jewish Life. It has been joined by Evangelicals for
Social Action, the American Baptist Church, Presbyterian USA, Southern
Baptist, Disciples of Christ and the National Baptist Convention USA.

* They have targeted 53,000 congregations, including every Catholic parish
in the United States, with green action packets, which includes a worship
activity - praying to the earth to ask forgiveness.

* Working with NRPE is a new Christian evangelical group called the Green
Cross. Green Cross was introduced by Gorbachev at the Global Forum
Conference in Moscow.

* The spirit side of environmentalism involves nature worship and a direct
relationship between witchcraft and ecology. The Environmental Movement has
a pagan agenda; to convince society that the earth is alive, a living
interconnected organism which requires the protection of a world
government.

* Pagans believe that everything is alive, sacred, imbued with a soul, and
nature spirits, with which they can communicate. They worship many gods
and goddesses and believe there's a living energy that permeates everything
- a god-energy. (Pantheism.) They believe in reincarnation and practice
magic.

* Al Gore believes that a return to goddess-worshipping religions will
bring both planetary and personal salvation.

* Environmental groups like the Sierra Club promote the pagan idea of
Gaia, the Earth Goddess. A goal is to divide the world into regions - or
bioregions, according to Her natural landscapes. The bioregions would then
cross national borders and dissolve nation-states.

* Earth Day 1994 was recognized in Kansas City at the Westin Crown Center
Hotel, sponsored by the Episcopal Diocese and the Cathedral of St. John the
Divine. After an Earth Mass, 200 mostly Episcopalians joined in a
Howl-le-lu-ia Chorus to celebrate Earth Day, by baying at a full moon.

* Kansas' Sierra Club is called Kanza, after an Indian spirit and tribe.
It promotes the idea of population control, to save the Earth Goddess.

* World religions are meeting and merging ideas and beliefs. They are
supporting each other and common concerns, like the phoney environmental
crisis and overpopulation. The Parliament of the World's Religions in
Chicago, with initial funding by Laurance Rockefeller and John Templeton,
awarded Chuck Colson over a $1 million.

HOW DOES THE NEW AGE AFFECT GOVERNMENT?

* Gorby, the former archenemy of the United States, is now residing at
Presidio AFB in San Francisco. He's part of a group that is overseeing the
closure of U.S Military bases. At Presidio, he's formed the Gorbachev
Foundation, that is headed up by James Garrison, a son of missionaries, who
quotes Scripture and sees his destiny as being instrumental in bringing
about a world government.

* This fall, Gorbachev will convene the State of the World Forum in  San
Francisco, with Ted Turner as chairman. An Earth Charter will be  presented
-a Bill of Rights for Mother Earth - that will supersede any rights of any
human being on the face of the earth. The Earth Charter has been written by
a ritualistic-practicing druid - Dr. Daniel Martin. It has been endorsed by
the Episcopal Church.

* The State of the World Forum plans to establish a global brain trust and
hold 20 roundtables that will include discussions on the Earth Charter,
world law, elimination of nuclear weapons, violence, population control,
global trade, global security, and world religion.

* The State of the World Forum was designed to be held around the same
time as the Celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the United Nations, when
it emerges as a spiritual UN, overseeing the world's religions, as well.

* True environmental scientific facts are blatantly missing.

* It's costing taxpayers billions of dollars to fix environmental problems
that don't exist, i.e., global warming (a natural Phenomenon), the ozone
hole (an annual event), acid rain (carbonic acid - rain is ALWAYS acid and
often called a poor man's fertilizer), overpopulation (NOT!), etc.

* We are spending 2 times the national DEFENSE budget just to enforce the
environmental laws on the books. We are paying 123,000 bureaucrats to
write more environmental regulations that will govern every aspect of our
lives. Congress authorized this in 1993. 600 new regulations are in the
process of being written.

THE IRON MOUNTAIN REPORT

* Where did the environmental hoax originate? The Iron Mountain Report.
[Available through The Prophecy Club as B-14] A group of 15 men,
handpicked for their expertise by the Defense Department, worked on a 2-1/2
year study to determine what the world would be like without war. They
determined that other enemies (concocted) would need to exist, to do what
wars do. Pollution and overpopulation were included.

* The Green Party has its origin with children of Nazis. A student revolt
in  the university system spun off dozens of communist groups. Angry young
people were looking for a cause and latched onto the Iron Mountain Report
scenarios. They determined to fight to save everything in nature. They
became known as the "Watermelon Gang" - Green on the outside, red in the
center.


******************************************************


Georgia guidestones -The New Age Commandments?

By: David Reagan,
Lamb & Lion Ministries, Box 527, Plano, TX 75074

Near Elberton, Georgia stands a set of stones similar to Stonehinge. On
these stones are written what may be the New Age Ten Commandments. They are
presented in the eight languages which are spoken by two-thirds of,
Mankind: -English, Russian, Hebrew, Arabic, Hindi, Chinese, Spanish, and
Swahili.Is it a New Age Antichrist message?

1. Maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual -balance with  nature.

2. Guide reproduction wisely, -improving fitness and diversity.
[Population elimination!]

3. Unite humanity, with a living -new language.

4. Rule passion, faith, tradition, and all things with tempered reason.
[Eliminate Christianity]

5. Protect people and nations with fair laws and just courts.  [World
Antichrist Government.]

6. Let all nations rule internally, resolving external disputes in a world
court.

7. Avoid petty laws and useless officials.

8. Balance personal rights with social duties. [Eliminate many of the
Bill of Rights.]

9. Prize truth, beauty, love... seeking harmony with the infinite.  [World
religion, according to the false prophet of Rev. 13:11?]

10. Be not a cancer on earth... leave room for nature - leave room for
nature. [Population elimination?]

THE FINANCES

The project was financed by a mysterious man who identified himself only
as "Mr. R. 0. Christian." He admitted that was not his real name, but
herefused to reveal his true identity to anyone except the president of the
local bank in Elberton.He stated that he represented a small group of loyal
Americans who believe in God. He said they lived outside of Georgia and
simply wished to "leave a message for future generations." He claimed the
group had planned the project for more than 20 years. Despite intensive
investigations by many news agencies, the identity of R. 0. Christian and
his group has remain a secret to this day.

ANALYSIS

Based on my study of the New Age Movement, I have no doubt that the
Georgia Guidestones are an expression of the basic philosophy of the New
Age. Since Satan is using that movement to herald the emergence of a
universal False Messiah, the Georgia Guidestones may well contain the ten
commandments of the Anti-Christ. Look at how ominous the very first
commandment is. There are 4.8 billion people on the earth today. To
implement thisfirst commandment, 4.3 billion people will have to be
eliminated. Commandment 4 makes it clear that all true Christians would be
a clear target of any elimination program, because Christians give primacy
to faith. Commandment 2 is an expression of the Nazi concept of controlled
reproduction of the species. Commandments 3, 5, 7 & 8 are the cornerstones
of centralized, World Government. Commandment 9 is an expression of the
essence of most Oriental, mystical religions.

FURTHER EVIDENCE

Lest there be any doubt left as to the motivation of "R. C. Christian" and
his group, consider the following quotation taken from a philosophical
document which the group sent to the - builder of the-monument. "It is very
probable that humanity now possesses the knowledge needed to establish an
effective world government. In some way that knowledge must he widely
seeded in the consciousness of all mankind. Very soon, the hearts of our
human family must be touched and warmed so we will welcome a global rule of
reason." Note the exaltation of human reason and the emphasis on world
government as the only hope for Man.

The document refers to the monument as "a cluster of graven stones!" whose
purpose is "to convey our ideas across time to other human beings . . . We
hope they [the commandments] will merit increasing acceptance and that
through their silent persistence they will hasten in a small degree the
coming Age of Reason."[It will be fun to watch the response of the world
when the original Ten Commandments are revealed!]


*WORLD ARMY AND WORLD POLICE HEADING OUR WAY -
Major powers outline nuclear-threat response
The Associated Press, The Orange County Register

UNITED NATIONS - Seeking support for a nuclear non-prolifleration treaty,
the major powers introduced an outline Friday of what the United Nations
would do in case of a nuclear threat. [I thought the United Nations was
only a peace-keeping organization with no-weapons! At least that is what we
were told in the beginning. Once again, prophecy is coming to pass. Their
plan is to take all the "weapons of mass destruction" away from all
nations. When they control all weapons they control the globe, then will be
fulfilled these two scriptures.  And they worshipped the dragon which gave
power unto the beast: and they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like
unto the beast? who is able to make war with him?  REV 13:4

These have one mind, and shall give their power and strength unto the
beast.  REV 17:13] The draft resolution appeared, aimed at nations seeking
explicit security guarantees before signing the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
[Before giving their security to the UN!]

The Security Council's five permanent  members  -  the world's only
declared nuclear powers will introduce the resolution jointly to the
council next week,  said  U.S spokesman James P. Rubin.

The measure describes UN responses in a nuclear attack or serious threat,
allowing the organization to restore peace and security. [Wow! Read that
again! Proof in your hands. They are forming a World Army to provide World
Peace! The headlines are screaming at the prophecy student! Jesus is coming
very soon!]Rubin said each of the five - China, France, Britain, the United
States and Russia - will issue statements on the use of nuclear arms during
the next two weeks.

[When you keep in mind that Bill Clinton signed Presidential Directive
(PDD25) which places American troops under foreign or UN commanders and
under foreign rules of engagement. It is obvious time is very short. The
entire copy of PDD25 has not been released yet either! With the other
righteous decisions Billy has made you can imagine what is in the entire
bill.

Now is not the time to be Bible illiterate. Now is not the time to have
sins  on your soul. Now is the time to make your decision to live for
Jesus. Ask  the Father to forgive you of your sins in the name and by the
blood of Jesus so he can save you in the day of trouble. But the fearful,
and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and
sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake
which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.  REV
21:8]


*******************************************************

Prophe-Zine News Bites

Gargoyles For Sale

  The Spring/Summer 1994 catalog What On Earth had the following gift
items available for mail order: Green Man: Legend tells us that as Lord of
the Forest, our smiling Green Man, hidden among the leaves, kept watch to
see that all was well in the forest. Crafted of concrete, he will add a
whimsical touch outside your home.

Guardian Dragon: The Guardian Dragon protects your home from unwanted
spirits, bad moods and boring conversations. Finely detailed in cast stone
with a verdigris "weathered" finish. Zilla of the Gods: If you're getting
tired of that purple dino, why not try Zilla? At night, his hand cast,
translucent porcelain body offers a soothing glow. But during the day, his
wide mouth and bared teeth show is true personality. Shelf-sitting
Gargoyle: This fascinating fellow is a replica of those found guarding the
majestic cathedral at Notre Dame. Seat him indoors or out...on book shelf,
window ledge, mantel, garden wall, or deck. Each description came along
with a small photo of a gargoyle or monster figure.

Pentagonal Revisionism: A Five Point Program of the Church of Satan

In recent years, we've wasted far too much time explaining that Satanism
has nothing to do with kidnapping, drug abuse, child molestation, animal or
child sacrifice, or any number of other acts that idiots, hysterics or
opportunists would like to credit us with. Satanism is life-loving,
rational philosophy that millions of people adhere to. Now we're ready for
something that goes quite a few steps beyond just explaining our
principles. Everyrevisionist movement needs a set of goals -- guidelines
that are clear, concrete, and that will effect significant changes.

The following Five-Point Program reflects attitudes which allow others to
decide whether they wish to align themselves with Satanism or not. Each
isnecessary for Satanic change to take place. When asked what we're"doing",
here's the answer:

1) Stratification--The point on which all the others ultimately rest.
There can be no more myth of "equality" for all--it only translates to
"mediocrity" and supports the weak at the expense to the strong. Water must
be allowed to seek its own level without interference from apologists for
incompetence. No one should be protected from the effects of his own
stupidity.

2) Strict taxation of all churches--If churches were taxed for all their
income and property, they'd crumble overnight of their own obsolescence,
and the National Debt would be wiped out as quickly. The productive, the
creative, the resourceful should be subsidized. So long as the useless and
incompetent are getting paid, they should be heavily taxed.

3) No tolerance for religious beliefs secularized and incorporated into
law and order issues--to re-establish "Lex Talionis" would require a
complete overturning of the present in-justice system based on
Judeo-Christian ideals, where the victim/defender has been made the
criminal. Amnesty should be considered for anyone in prison because of his
alleged "influence" upon the actual perpetrator of the crime. Everyone is
influenced in what he or she does. Scapegoating has become a way of life, a
means of survival for the unfit. As an extension of the Judeo-Christian
cop-out of blaming the Devil for everything, criminals can gain leniency,
even praise, by placing the
blame on a convenient villain. Following the Satanic creed of
"Responsibility to the responsible," in a Satanic society, everyone must
experience the consequences of his own acitons--for good or ill.

4) Development and production of artificial human companions--The
forbidden industry. An economic "godsend" which will allow everyone "power"
over someone else. Polite, sophisticated, technologically feasible slavery.
And the most profitable industry since T.V. and the computer.

5) The opportunity for anyone to live within a total environment of his or
her choice, with mandatory adherence to the aesthetic and behavioral
standards of the same--Privatly owned and controlled environments as an
alternative to homogenized and polyglot ones. The freedom to insularize
oneself within a social milieu of personal well-being. An opportunity to
feel, see, and hear that which is most aesthetically pleasing, without
interference from those who would pollute or detract from that option.

This is the encapsulated version of the current thrust of Satanic
advocacy. So when someone asks you, "Well, what do Satanists do?", you will
be qualified to tell them.

The Nine Satanic Sins

For years, people have asked Church of Satan representatives, "Well, okay
your philosophy is based on indulgence of human instincts but do have any
sins like other religions?" Our answer has always been "No." But the time
has come to amend that response. We have grown steadily over the past 21
years and find that it is appropriate to have some clearer guidelines on,
not only what we strive for, but also what we work to avoid -- what we
disapprove of. The difference is where other religions develop sins that
people can't avoid, we consider a number of things "sinful" that people
could avoid if they worked a little.

1) Stupidity--The top of the list for Satanic Sins. The Cardinal Sin of
Satanism. It's too bad that stupidity isn't painful. Ignorance is one
thing, but our society thrives increasingly on stupidity. It depends on
people going along with whatever they are told. The media promotes a
cultivated stupidity as a posture that is not only acceptable but laudable.
Satanists must learn to see through the tricks and cannot afford to be
stupid.

2) Preteniousness--Empty posturing can be most irritating and isn't
applying the cardinal rules of Lesser Magic. On equal footing with
stupidity for what keeps the money in circulation these days. Everyone's
made to feel like a big shot, whether they can come up with the goods or
not.

3) Solipsism--can be very dangerous for Satanists. Projecting your
reactions, responses, and sensibilities onto someone else who is probably
far less attuned that you are. It is the mistake of expecting people to
give you the same consideration, courtesy, and respect that you naturally
give them. They won't. Instead Satanists must strive to apply the dictum of
"Do unto others as they do onto you." It's work for most of us and requires
constant vigilance lest you slip into a comfortable illusion of everyone
being like you. As has been said, certain utopias would be ideal in a
nation of philosophers, but unfortunately (or perhaps fortunately, from a
Machiavellian viewpoint) we are from that point.

4) Self-Deciet--It's in the Nine Satanic Statement but deserves to be
repeated here. Another cardinal sin. We must not pay homage to any of the
sacred cows presented to us, including the roles we are expected to play
ourselves. The only time self-deceit should be entered is when it is fun,
and with awareness. But then, it's not self-deciet!

5) Herd Conformity--That's obvious from a Satanic stance. It's all right
to conform to a person's wishes, if it ultimately benefits you. But only
fools follow along with the herd, letting an impersonal entity dictate to
you. The key is to choose a master wisely instead of being enslaved by the
whims of many.

6) Lack of Perspective--Again, this one can lead to alot of pain for a
Satanist. You must never lose sight of who and what you are, and what a
threat you can be, by your very existence. We are making history right now,
everyday. Always keep the wider historical and social picture in mind. That
is an important key to both Lesser and Greater Magic. See the patterns and
fit the things together as you want the pieces to fall into place. So not
be swayed herd constraints--know that you are working on another level
entirely from the rest of the world.

7) Forgetfulness of Past Orthodoxies--Be aware that this one of the keys
to brainwashing people into accepting something as "new" and "different",
when in reality it's something that was once widely accepted but is now
presented in a new package. We are expected to rave about the genius of the
"creator" and forget the original. This makes for a disposable society.

8) Conterproductive Pride--The first word is important. Pride is great up
to the point you begin to throw out the baby with the bathwater. The rule
of Satanism is if it works for you, great. When it stops working for you,
when you've painted yourself into a corner and the only way out is to say,
"I'm sorry, I made a mistake, I wish we could compromise somehow," then do
it

. 9) Lack of Aesthetics--This is the physical application of the Balance
Factor. It is important in Lesser Magic and should be cultivated. It is
obvious that no one can collect any money off it most of the tome so it si
discouraged in a consumer society, but is an essential Satanic tool and
must be applied for magical effectiveness. It's not what's supposed to be
pleasing--it's what is. Aesthetics is a highly personal thing, reflective
of one's own nature, but there are universally pleasing and harmonious
configurations that should not be denied.


"Holi" Festival Celebrates Spring

   March 17, 1995 marked a special day of celebration for people of South
 Asian ancestry. And this special festival, called "Holi", is now celebrated
 worldwide by people of different faiths.

   A Toronto Star report (March 16, 1995) observes that the Holi festival
is  a day of celebration "when good triumphs over evil, light vanquishes
darkness,  and the earth gives birth to a brand new cycle of growth.

   "Holi, the joyous 'festival of colors,' has roots deep in ancient Hindu
mythology, but for many centuries has been a major secular bash observed by
people of all faiths.

   "Like all commemorations, it has a serious side--it's a time when
celebrants are supposed to undertake to duplicate the renewal of the
natural  world in their own lives and relationships..

   "Originally a fertility festival, Holi hearkens back to an Indian myth
involving a tyrannical king who demanded that his subjects worship him
instead of God."



U.S. Gov Declares War On Cash
Date: Mon, 26 Jun 1995 12:43:11 -0500 (EST)
Kiwi #5 on cash, fyi

        "Whenever any form of government becomes destructive... It is the
right of the people to alter or abolish it."  [Declaration of Independence
(1776)].

 Using the "War on Drugs" as justification, the U.S. Government is
tightening the screws on cash transactions. The fear is that the next step
is a "cashless society," where surveillance is easy.

        Government bureaucrats don't like cash transactions. After all,
cash is difficult, if not impossible, to trace. Cash makes it easier to do
business "off the books" without paying taxes. In short, cash is a private
way of doing business, and the United States Government doesn't like too
much privacy.

        To fight cash, the United States Government has adopted
legislation to discourage its use. The Bank Secrecy Act, for example,
requires banks and other financial institutions to report cash transactions
over $10,000 and any other "suspicious cash transactions."  [Subsequently
amended to lower the threshold level of "suspicion" to cash transactions
over $3,000] The Act also considers money orders, cashier's checks and
traveler's checks as "cash."

        Amendments to this Act enlist ordinary businesses for the war on
cash. The new cash reporting form for business, Form 8300, even requires
merchants to report "suspicious transactions" by their customers. No one is
exempt, not even your attorney! The money you pay your defense attorney can
now serve as the "smoking gun" to convict you of a crime.

      Section 1957 of the Money Laundering Control Act states that
merchants who accept cash from customers they suspect of committing a crime
may themselves be entering into criminal conspiracy. But if you refuse to
do business with someone you suspect of a crime, you may be sued for
discrimination!

        Forfeiture laws adopted in the 1980s give the federal government
the right to seize cash "tainted" by drugs. Yet analysis by the Drug
Enforcement Administration's own labs shows 90 percent of all cash in
circulation is drug tainted. Does this make cash illegal? You be the judge!

 NEW DIRT ON MONEY LAUNDERING

        By definition, money laundering is any action you take to disguise
cash tied to an illegal activity. Obviously, income tax evasion is an
illegal activity. So, if you earn cash that you fail to report on your tax
return, you're not just a tax evader, you're a money launderer.

        Money laundering now includes the deposit and/or use of cash on
which taxes have not been paid, and violators are threatened with
prosecution. And the maximum 20-year prison term and $500,000 fine for
money laundering is far harsher than the maximum penalties for tax evasion.
Moreover, convictions are far easier to obtain, since "money laundering"
and "drug crimes" are inexorably linked in the minds of juries.

        By far, the most insidious money laundering crime is
"structuring", defined as any act taken in order to avoid filling out a
currency transaction report (Form 4789 for banks, Form 8300 for other types
of businesses). This might seem a fairly trivial offense, but fines run up
to $25,000 per violation, in addition to forfeiture of the funds involved.

        This statute, for all practical purposes, makes any attempt to
protect financial privacy from government financial inquisitors unlawful.
And because the structuring law is worded vaguely, not even Internal
Revenue Service agents are sure what it means.

        It is clear from IRS regulations that a person depositing $2,900
in cash into an account on two consecutive days is "structuring" his
transactions. But six consecutive $490 deposits may be considered
structuring as well. The regulations don't address this specific
possibility, or any of an infinite number of other possibilities.

        One of the first individuals prosecuted for structuring was
Charles Scanio, an ordinary citizen who attempted to pay off a $13,000 loan
in cash without filing a currency transaction report. The government never
claimed that Scanio had any criminal intent. Even so, he was convicted of
the offense, and his money was FORFEITED TO THE IRS.

 NEW CASH CRIMES

        The latest salvos against cash come in the form of 13 proposed
anti-money laundering bills introduced in the current Congress. The
mostcomprehensive bill is HR-26, the Money Laundering Enforcement
Amendments. If enacted, this bill will:

        (1)     Prohibit banks from informing customers of an
investigation  of their financial records by any government agency;

        (2)     Permit the government to seize bank accounts or cash whose
origins or transaction records were suspicious, without a trial;

        (3)     Greatly expand the definition of "structuring" by making
itillegal to arrange transactions to avoid IRS reporting requirements for
money transferred outside the U.S. Currently, structuring is illegal only
when it involves a U.S. financial institution; and

        (4)     Require the Treasury Department to recall all $50 and
$100bills, and to study proposals for a dual currency; one to circulate
inside the United States, another currency for use outside the country.

        HR-950, the Money Laundering Control Act, duplicates many of the
provisions of HR-26, but would also:

        (1)     Permit customs officials to conduct body searches, open
mail, and inspect the private correspondence of anyone entering or leaving
the United States; and to seize cash or monetary instruments it finds, all
without a warrant; and

        (2)     Require the Treasury to study proposals for a "more
traceable" currency.

        HR-3326, the Drug Supply Reduction Act, contains the most
incredible provision of all. It would permit the government to confiscate
your car or boat if it contains any hidden compartments "not part of the
normal vehicle configuration". Such compartments might conceivably be used
to hide drugs or "illegal cash", according to the Bill's sponsors. (Do you
own some tools you don't want to leave in the back of your pickup truck?
Don't construct a "hidden compartment" to put them in, your truck might be
seized!)

 MAGNETIC MONEY

        If the government can't end the use of cash overnight, the
next-best solution from a bureaucratic perspective might be to require all
citizens to use currency whose movements can be tracked.

        The first example of a new, "more traceable" currency, the
$100bill, was introduced in 1991. The new $100 bills contain a microscopic
line of print circling the portrait in the center of the bill and a tiny
thread running vertically down the left side of the bill. The bills also
contain magnetized ink. New $20s and $50s were introduced in early 1992.

        The polyester thread running down the left side of the bill is
interwoven with magnetic threads. Moreover, these threads are capable
ofbeing encoded with messages, a Social Security number, for instance.
Atleast some U.S. banks are said to be already equipped with machines
capable of "reading" the messages.

        Now that the new money has been introduced, the next step might
befor an outright recall of the "old money". In 1989, a suggestion for a
currency recall came from former Treasury Secretary Donald Regan, who
recommended that all $50 and $100 bills be recalled and replaced with a new
currency. The changeover should occur in a ten-day period. Regan proposed,
and the old money would no longer remain legal tender after that time.
Furthermore, Regan recommended that anyone turning in more than $1,000 in
old bills be required to prove that all taxes on the cash had been paid,
and that the cash had not been generated through illegal activity.
Otherwise, the funds would be impounded by the IRS, and their former owner
would face further investigation.

        Shortly after the Regan proposal was made public Senator John
Kerry (D-Mass) introduced an act that called for machine-readable bar codes
on all U.S. currency, so that all $20s, $50s, and $100s would be "more
traceable". Kerry recommended that serial numbers on these bills be tracked
by optical scanning devices such as those used in grocery store checkout
counters. In this manner, perhaps in combination with a national ID card,
the identity of the individual spending the currency could be ascertained.

        Today, the tools are in place to put into effect Regan's and
Kerry's suggestions. If a sudden currency recall were to take place, it
would presumably be justified as part of the "war on drugs". And once the
old money had been recalled, the Treasury could announce that money
laundering, for all intents and purposes, had been eliminated.

 .c.:A LICENSE  TO  PRINT  MONEY

        But the recall could have a much more sinister purpose: the
introduction of a two-tiered currency--a "domestic" currency to circulate
in the United States, and an "international" currency to circulate abroad.
The two-tiered system could also be justified as providing a permanent end
to the money laundering problem. The real reason for the changeover,
however, would have nothing to do with money laundering. The real reason
would be to establish a two-tiered exchange rate for the dollar.

        At first, the values of the domestic and international dollars
would be equal. However, the use of a currency that could not leave the
country except under restricted conditions would permit the Federal Reserve
and the Treasury to inflate away the government's gargantuan debts
andunfunded obligations, using the power of the printing press. This would
rapidly depreciate the value of the domestic currency against the
international currency.

        A law on the books for nearly a decade makes this kind of
debasement completely legal--and the U.S. dollar has already lost more than
90 percent of its value in relation to gold in the past 60 years. U.S.
Public Law 96-221, the Depository InstitutionsDeregulation and Monetary
Control Act of 1980 added "bills, notes, revenue bonds and warrants with a
maturity date not exceeding six months...by a foreign government or agency
thereof" to the list of items constituting "legal monetary reserve" for the
U.S. money supply.

        In other words, it is perfectly legal for the U.S. government to
simply buy or borrow a few trillion dollars' worth of foreign bonds
denominated in the Russian ruble, Brazilian cruzeiro, or any other Third
World currency. It could then use these "assets" as a "legal monetary
reserve" in order to print as much currency as is required to meet the
obligations for the welfare state.

        Moreover, the Fed could allow the international dollar to float in
the international currency markets. U.S. Treasury securities issued for
purchase by foreigners would be denominated in this new currency, perhaps
even backed by gold. This would have the effect of greatly increasing
foreign purchases of U.S. Treasury debt which have declined from net
purchases of $75 billion in 1988 to less than $5 billion in 1991.

        Treasury securities held by U.S. citizens would be denominated in
the virtually worthless, non-gold-backed domestic currency. Only selected
banks would be authorized to exchange domestic dollars for international
dollars, and the amount of currency that could be exchanged at one time
could be made progressively smaller. The domestic dollar would become a
"blocked" currency, no longer freely exchangeable in world markets.

        Currency recall could touch your life directly, even if you don't
think you have anything to hide. Millions of citizens have perfectly
legitimate reasons to hold cash. For instance, many people who experienced
the Great Depression firsthand recall that thousands of banks failed during
those years. Anyone who lost money in a failed bank, or fears that the
government could someday violate current deposit guarantees, might prefer
to keep his or her money in cash.

        If you think that there would be massive opposition to a new money
conversion, opinion polls show otherwise. Market Facts, a market research
company, revealed enormous public support for any currency exchange that
was part of a fight against counterfeiting or drug trafficking.
"Conservative" columnists such as William Safire have gone on record as
favoring currency recall to fight money laundering. And when former
Treasury Secretary Regan proposed his recall of all $50 and $100 bills, his
suggestion met with virtually no criticism outside the alternative press.

 .c.:THE  ULTIMATE  BUREAUCRATIC  GOAL

        One way for bureaucrats to do away with cash is to make possible
substitutes very convenient. Today, credit cards and personal checks have
eliminated most cash transactions. And tomorrow, electronic "debit cards"
promise to eliminate the rest.

        With a debit card, purchases are paid for with a card read by a
merchant's computer terminal. Your bank account is debited automatically
for the amount of purchase and the merchant's account is simultaneously
credited the same amount (minus a service charge). The process is neat,
simple, and all the paperwork is done automatically. A paper trail on every
item you purchase is created. But if you are making a purchase or
contribution that you wish to keep private, then you have a problem.

        Debit cards are popular with merchants because they provide an
instant, foolproof credit that is applied to their account. Credit card
chargebacks and bounced checks are eliminated. Debit cards also permit a
merchant to categorize his customers by what they purchase and how muchthey
spend, allowing the merchant to direct his marketing efforts appropriately.

        Banks like debit cards because they can deduct a service charge
for each transaction. Banks are already imposing service charges for use of
automatic teller machines (ATMs), which are nothing more than debit card
terminals.

        Marketing firms like debit cards since the profile created from
individual purchases will create a much more detailed picture of consumer
spending patterns than is currently available. And government bureaucrats
like debit cards because they eliminate cash and permit much more detailed
financial surveillance.

        Debit cards won't eliminate cash overnight. But their convenience
will make them a hot product of the 1990s and beyond. A national debit card
system is already in use in France. Canadian banks intend to launch a
national debit card system as well. A recent agreement between a dozen of
the largest regional ATM networks would set up a national debit card system
that would allow consumers to instantly deduct purchases from their
checking accounts anywhere they travel. In the near future, you will hear
much more about debit cards.



Elders of World Faiths Call for World Council of Religions

  KHARTOUM, Sudan (EP)--More than 200 representatives of world faiths
gathered in Khartoum, Sudan, Oct. 8-10 to discuss a need for a world
council of religions.

  The proposal, which had strong support from Muslim participants,
followed the U.N. Conference on Population and Development, held in Cairo
in September, where Muslim and other religious groups stood against the
possibility of legalizing abortion worldwide. Muslim groups expressed a
desire at the conference to foster cooperation between religions, but at
the same time affirm religious liberty and pluralism.

  The proposed council of religions would enable the major
religions--particularly Christianity and Islam--to join together to offer
an alternative vision to what is considered to be a materialist, secularist
world view that dominates society. One observer said that the meeting
called for a new political world order. [emphasis added]

  Among participants at the conference were religious officials from 30
countries, including high-ranking Islamic political and religious
representatives from Egypt, Libya, Pakistan, Yemen, Palestine [their word
not ours], and Jordan. One same time affirm religious liberty and
pluralism.

  The proposed council of religions would enable the major
religions--particularly Christianity and Islam--to join together to offer
an alternative vision to what is considered to be a materialist, secularist
world view that dominates society. One observer said that the meeting
called for a new political world

   Among participants at the conference were religious officials from 30
countries, including high-ranking Islamic political and religious
representatives from Egypt, Libya, Pakistan, Yemen, Palestine [their word
not ours], and Jordan. One of the world's leading Muslims, Hassan Al
Turabi, head of the National Islamic Front of Sudan, was a prominent
speaker. The Middle East Council of Churches and the Anglican Church were
represented, and Cardinal Arinze, president of the Pontifical Council for
Inter-Religious Dialogue, represented the Vatican.

  "An increasing number of Muslims are putting inter-religious dialogue on
their agenda," Tarek Mitri, representative of the World Council of
Churches, told Ecumenical News International. "There were in Khartoum
people who have not been inclined to  interreligious dialogue in the past.
Here we have something that may bear fruit."



******************************************************

Cool Web Sites on the Internet

hhtp://twibp.com/~twibp
http://www.niagara.com:80/~twibp/
This Week In Bible Prophecy

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/PKdates.html
PromiseKeepers 1995 Meeting Dates

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/sevenpromises.html
Seven Promises of a Promise Keeper

http://www.einet.net/galaxy/Arts-and-Humanities/Religion.html  Christian
web site

http://akebono.stanford.edu/yahoo
yahoo Directory

http://www.infi.net/cc
christian coalalition

http://www.jews-for-jesus.org
Jews for jesus

http://ionet.net/~wes
Wes Peters web site..COOL prophecy stuff

http://www.infi.net/~stegner
prophecy world events web

http://www.visa.co.
Visa Credit Card (One World One Currency)


 Cool Resources


CHRISTIAN BOOK DISTRIBUTORS
P.O. Box 6000
Peabody MA. 01961-6000
Customer Service: (508) 977-4550
Membership and monthly catalog subscription; $3 per year

CHRISTIAN COMMUNICATIONS
Prison & Ministry Outreach - Online Bible Studies
Jeannine Robinson
P.O. Box 45094, 81 Lakeshore Road East
Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L5G4S7
Phone/Fax (905) 271-7371
BBS (905) 271-3617

CHRISTIAN DISTRIBUTION NETWORK
(Electronic bulletin board systems)
Ray Waldo, Project Manager
Route 1, Box 175W
Loranger, LA  70446-9720
Voice: (504) 878-2956
BBS (504) 878-3023
FIDONET 1:394/1
CDN Headquarters 8:200/0


The CHRISTIAN GENERAL STORE
(Quality Christian Materials on Issues Related to HIV/AIDS)
2130 Fourth Street
San Rafael, CA 94901
(415) 457-9489

CHRISTIAN LAW ASSOCIATION
(Publishers of "The Briefcase")
Subscription: P.O. Box 30 Conneaut, Ohio 44030-0030
Publisher Office: (216) 593-3933
Gibbs & Craze Law Firm (216) 599-8900

CHRISTIAN MACINTOSH USERS GROUP
2190 Bristolwood Lane
San Jose, CA
95132-1208
408/945-5773 - voice
408/946-4946 - FAX
INTERNET: rickt5@aol.com

CHRISTIAN TAPES FOR THE DISABLED
(Write for catalog of cassettes and information)
Box 455 - Buffalo, NY 14209
(716) 885-0307

CORNERSTONE COMMUNICATIONS INTERNATIONAL
(Helping Christian writers get published since 1984)
1117 Marquette Avenue, Suite 2303
Minneapolis, MN 55403
Fax (612) 673-0866
Internet Email: calliesmom@aol.com

GREAT CHRISTIAN BOOKS
229 S. Bridge St.
PO BOX 8000
Elkton MD 21922-8000
($5 membership fee)

INSTITUTE FOR RELIGIOUS RESEARCH
1340 Monroe Ave, NW
Grand Rapids Michigan 49505
Phone: (616) 451-4562
Fax: (616) 451-8907

INTERNATIONAL BIBLE SOCIETY
PO BOX 35700
Colorado Springs CO 80935-3570
(719) 488-9200
(800) 524-1588
Fax: (719) 488-0870



MESSIANIC RECORDS INC./LAMB
(A Concert Ministry)
7605 Brookhaven Road
Philadelphia, PA 19151
(215) 477-1050
Fax (215) 477-1087

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR RELEASE TIME CHRISTIAN EDUCATION
P.O. Box K
Ellijay, GA 30540
(404) 276-7900

ON LINE BIBLE COLLEGE
Servant of the Lord BBS: 804-590-2161
Whole Cousel Ministries
Mataoca, Virginia
Sysop: Dr. Charles A. Wootten
INTERNET: listener1@aol.com or 76476.1556@cis
Fax: (804) 590-1659

WYCLIFFE BIBLE TRANSLATORS
P.O. Box 2727
Huntington Beach, CA 92647
phone: (714) 969-4600
FAX: (714) 969-4661

ZONDERVAN PUBLISHING HOUSE
-NRSV Concordance
-NIV Atlas of the Bible
1-800-727-3480

Other Pubs Too....

The CHRISTIAN WORLD REPORT
(Prophecy and current events newspaper from Peter LaLonde)
($29.95 annual, 11 issues per year)
US: P.O. Box 1440, Niagara Falls, NY 14302
Canada: P.O Box 5091, Burlington, Ontario L7R 4M2

DECISION MAGAZINE
($7 annually, 11 issues per year)
Billy Graham Evangelistic Association
P.O. Box 779
Minneapolis, Minnesota
55440-0779

FOCUS ON THE FAMILY MAGAZINE
P.O. Box 35500
Colorado Springs, Co
80935-3550
(free upon request)



HIGHWAY
A magazine for Truck Drivers
Transport For Christ - Highway
P.O. Box 303
Denver, PA
17517

IN OTHER WORDS
Newspaper of Wycliffe Bible Translators
PO BOX 2727
Huntington Beach, CA 92647

PARTNERS PRAYER GUIDE (Partner Ministries)
1470 N. 4th St. PO BOX 15025
San Jose CA. 95115-0025
(free guide to praying for different nations)

PRISON EVANGELISM MAGAZINE
International Prison Ministry
P.O. Box 63
Dallas, TX  75221

THE TEACHING HOME
(A Christian magazine for home educators)
P.O. Box 20219
Portland, Oregon 97220-0219
Phone: (503) 253-9633
Fax: (503) 253-7345

TESTIMONY NEWSLETTER
Dennis R. Mallory, Publisher
P. O. Box 14974
Albany, NY 12212-4974

TODAY IN THE WORD (Moody Bible Institute)
820 North La Salle Drive
Chicago Il. 60610
(free 3-month trial subscription)

TRACKS IN THE SAND
Uncovering Christian Men's Issues
P.O. Box 1828
Tustin, CA
92680
INTERNET: mark.perew@ofa123.fidonet.org

WORLD CHALLENGE (David Wilkerson letter)
(free newsletter, 17 issues per year)
P.O. Box 260 Lindale, Texas 75771
(903)-963-8626





1





