Prophe-Zine, Issue # 20
June 1, 1996

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 20
David Wilkerson.....God's Vision For the Last-Day Church!
Wayne Merritt.........Maritime Law and the First Beast
Thomas S. McCall, Th.D.....Israel and the Church: the Differences
pastor_ron@tassie.net.au........Rest, But Don't Rust!
Paula Demers.......The New Age--The Old Lie
Prophe-Zine News Bites ....Assorted News sources and faithful readers

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on the
1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet. You can also get back issues at Prophe-Zine's web site.
Address: http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in Matthew 28:19:
                  "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine
Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1996 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from the
author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, , Color-It, JPEGview, OnLine Bible KJV 2.1.

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

*****************************
Welcome to Issue # 20

Hello All,

Once again thank you for subscribing to Prophe-Zine....your one source for
Bible Prophecy, World Events and Politics.

BOY...has it been ever busy! Does it seem like prophetic happenings are
just speeding up or is it just me? What about those elections in Israel?
Bibi is in the lead so far, on Sunday June 2nd we will know for sure who
won. What about the Peres administration cutting a deal with the PLO to
split Jerusalem? (See the news bites) Also what about that May 5th news
article from Chicago calling for Bio-Chip implants (PZ # 19). Thingsare
happening so fast it does not give one's self a chance to even take a
breath. I tell everyone I know that serving the Lord is like and "E" Ticket
ride at Disneyland....well these last few weeks have been just that.

A lot has happened to me these last few days and I really need prayer. My
job has cut my hours in half from 40 to 20 hours a week. This means my pay
will be cut in half. We serve a loving God and I know that He will supply
all my needs, I pity those who do not know the Lord and how much He does
care for us. It is times like this that we really see the Lord work in our
lives.

 Now the good news....It seems that the Lord is already opening doors for
me. It seems He wants me to move in the direction of web designer. I have
been having people contact me to help them develop a web site or "spice up"
their old sites. Isn't if funny how our Heavenly Father works? SOoo...If
you or anyone you know needs a web site designed, please let me know and
pass them my email address...ray673@best.com. I am looking for a small
number of people and companies to do web sites for FREE. I am doing this so
that I can put together a "portfolio" of websites for customers to see my
work. The Lord has also opened the door to me for a wonderful 3-D Graphic
artist (hi Ed) who is also helping me in the graphics area. Together we are
trying to start something up. I am really trying to concentrate our efforts
on helping the Christian business man / woman in getting the word out about
their products or service, in that, I am going  to keep my prices very low
to help my fellow brother and sister in the Lord.  So tell all your
friends, family, church members, co-workers, anyone who might need a web
site built for them about Ray and Ed's web design. Ok now that the
advertisement is over....on to PROPHE-ZINE!!!!!

Again I want to thank those who have shared PZ with others and have allowed
Prophe-Zine to minister to others. Here are just a few of the kudos letters
I have gotten from some of you....
-- --- --- --- ---
From: Futurist98@aol.com
Subject: you are truly blessed!

I would like to commend you on your efforts to inform the masses on Bible
prophecy. Your PZ's have had excellent information on events of the world
compared to the Bible.

I just received your urgent news letter on the UN in the schools. Boy, does
that hit the heart to know where we are in time. I can't say that there is
anything happening like that up here in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. But if I hear
of anything you'll be the first to know.

 --- ---- ---- --- --- --- ---

From: Steve VanSlyke <stevev@soar.com>

I just wanted to drop you a line and let you know how much I appreciate
your ministry. I was excited to find Prophe-Zine, and think it is
doctrinally sound. I am a member of the Republic - Community Bible Church
in Republic WA. I am sure we can use this resource to further the work of
the lord in Republic.

Thanks again, your brother in Christ; Steve.

--- ---- ---- ---- --- ---

From: Chaz Cuda <CCuda_3@wow.com>
Subject: Subscription to Prophe-Zine

I was thrilled when I came across your site, I have been getting involved
in studying the prophesy of the end times and find Prophe-Zine very
informative. Please put me on your mailing list!

Thanks!     CCuda_3@wow.com

If Prophe-Zine has helped you in spreading the gospel, please drop me a
note and let me know. I need to hear from the front lines and how our
Lord's soldiers are fighting the battle. I am just so honored that the Lord
has allowed me the chance to partake in the battle and equipping you, the
soldiers, with Prophe-Zine.

So until we meet here on this earth or in the air with our Lord...

Always in His service,
Ray
PZ

************************
God's Vision For the Last-Day Church!
By David Wilkerson
From: Times Square Church Pulpit Series

May 23, 1994


  I want to share with you what I believe is God's vision for His last-day
church. It is a vision based on the revealed Word of God -- because the
Bible clearly outlines what the church of Jesus Christ will be like just
prior to His coming.

  Certainly, the church in America is far from what God has envisioned it
to be. In fact, most of what we see going on today in the name of Christ is
an abomination. Yet, there are remnant churches scattered throughout this
nation and around the world that live up to God's holy standards. They lead
holy lives, preach righteousness, believe in supernatural works. These
churches are alive, full of the Spirit of God, and are impacting lives and
entire communities for Jesus.

  But, for the most part, entire denominations today operate without the
Holy Spirit. They are devoid of the presence of Jesus, bankrupt of all
spiritual gifts. They practice a form of religion without any power,
conviction or saving message. They are cozy with the world and are more
political than spiritual. They appease sin -- coddling homosexuals, winking
at divorce, ridiculing the supernatural, tossing aside all teachings about
heaven, hell, repentance and judgment.

  Such churches wonder if God is even alive. They are so cold, weak and
timid, the world scoffs at them! They have no influence, no respect, no
impact on society whatsoever.

  *But the New Testament church made devils tremble!* It drove legions of
demons into the abyss, prayed prison doors open, made rulers cringe in
fear. No weapon could prosper against it! Those early believers had such
faith and power that cripples rose up leaping, beggars became evangelists.
They believed in the supernatural -- and they opened blind eyes, unstopped
deaf ears and healed all manner of diseases. They even raised the dead!

  I am not saying God's last-day church will be a repeat or copy of the
first- century church. No -- *I am saying it will be even greater than
that!* It will be mightier, stronger, with an even greater revelation of
Jesus. It will have a greater unction from the Spirit than ever -- greater
even than at Pentecost! God always saves His best wine for last!

  The prophet Daniel confirms this. He said certain prophetic truths were
locked up, only to be revealed in the last days:

     ****************************************************************
"...for the words are closed up and sealed till the time of the end....and
none of the wicked shall understand; but the wise shall understand" (Daniel
12:9-10).

     ****************************************************************

  God's people are going to begin to understand *new things in his Word!*
These things are already in the Bible; they simply haven't been revealed in
fullness. And Daniel said he saw these things but couldn't understand them,
even with all his divine wisdom: "And I heard, but I understood not..."
(verse 8).

  *But today the Holy Spirit has revealed these things to spiritual,
discerning saints!*

     ******************************************************************
     "...as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have
entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them
that love him. But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the
Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God" (1 Corinthians
2:9-10).
     ******************************************************************

The Holy Ghost abides in us to reveal these hidden things to us!

  Right now the Lord is preparing a powerful yet humble army of shepherds
after His own heart. And He also is preparing a remnant congregation of
hungry sheep who have turned away from the deadness and sin of the modern
church establishment. The scene is being set for that church against which
the gates of hell shall not prevail. It will be hot, not lukewarm -- and it
will rock the very foundations of hell. No power on earth will be able to
ignore or despise it!

  Here is what I see in the Scriptures as God's vision for this last-day
remnant church:

1. Once Again the Gospel Is Going to Be "Fully Preached"!

  You may not want to accept my next statement. But, as I see it, *the
gospel of Jesus Christ has not been "fully preached" in this generation!*
Except for the ministries of a few righteous men and women of God, the
gospel we hear today is not what Paul said is a gospel "fully preached."

  Paul could say to his generation: "...I have fully preached the gospel of
Christ" (Romans 15:19). And he described this "fully preached" gospel as
one that is much more than words. It is a gospel of *words and deed!*

     ******************************************************************
     "For I will not dare to speak of any of those things which Christ
hath not wrought by me, to make the Gentiles obedient in word and deed..."
(verse 18).

     ******************************************************************

  Paul was saying, "The Gentiles turned to Christ not because of my
preaching alone -- but because my words were accompanied by miraculous
deeds!"

     ******************************************************************
"Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so
that from Jerusalem, and round about unto Illyricum, I have fully preached
the gospel of Christ" (verse 19).

     ******************************************************************

  If Paul had preached and taught without signs and wonders following, his
message would not have had its full impact. It would not have been the
gospel *fully preached!* He said to the Corinthians, "Truly the signs of an
apostle were wrought among you in all patience, in signs, and wonders, and
mighty deeds" (2 Corinthians 12:12).

  Note Paul's words in this verse: *signs, wonders, mighty deeds.* Most
Christians today cringe when they hear them! Why? *It is because these
words have been made an abomination by unscrupulous, power-hungry preachers
and teachers!*

  For the past forty years we have witnessed a grievous perversion of the
fully preached gospel. Many intelligent, Christ-loving believers have been
shocked or chagrined by the mockery and misuse of supernatural workings by
impostors who have set themselves up as figures of faith and power. These
liars have turned the fully preached gospel into acts of pride and personal
gain.

  You see them being blasted on television and in newspapers. You see
hucksterism, theatrics, phony healings, unsubstantiated claims, money-
grabbing, exaggerations -- all so abominable in God's eyes. It has been one
of the most shameful episodes in the history of the church!

  Yet, as if these perversions weren't enough, along came the "prosperity
gospel," which added to the perversion. Basically, accepting Christ meant
"winning the lottery"! It meant having the promise of wealth -- cars,
clothes, houses, land. Whatever a believer "spoke into existence" was to
become reality in his life. Even worse, this gospel portrayed Jesus as some
wine-guzzling sports fanatic who loves to dote on His "kids"!

  The biggest tragedy of all is that these very perversions have caused
many God-fearing pastors, evangelists and laypeople to turn away from the
truth of a fully preached gospel. They want nothing to do with signs,
wonders or miracles.

  *Yet, beloved, God is still God -- and He is mighty in working miracles
and wonders!* He is still our healer -- and He wants to show Himself strong
on behalf of those who trust in Him! Great supernatural workings took place
in the New Testament church without any perversions -- without advertising,
showmanship, or any person claiming all the power and authority. The
ministry of Paul provides an example:

  At Troas, Paul preached such a long message, a young man named Eutychus
fell asleep while sitting on a window sill. The boy fell three stories to
the ground -- and the Bible says Eutychus *"was taken up dead"* (see Acts
20:5- 12).

  When Paul arrived on the scene below, he quieted everyone. Then he did as
Elijah had done: He stretched himself out over the dead lad. Suddenly, life
came back into Eutychus. The boy had resurrected -- raised from the dead!
*What a mighty miracle!*

  Now, after this happened, Paul didn't send everyone out to spread the
news that a miracle had taken place. He didn't invite Eutychus to accompany
him on his evangelistic journeys and testify of his resurrection. There
were no pamphlets urging, "See the boy who fell from a building and died.
God raised him from the dead! Hear the preaching of Paul, man of great
faith and power!"

  No -- that wasn't what happened at all. Instead, everyone simply went
back to the third floor, had communion, and Paul continued preaching.
Scripture does not even mention Eutychus any further. Why? *Because the
church expected supernatural works to happen!* They preached a full gospel
-- with signs and wonders following!

          ************************************************
These Mighty Deeds Happened Daily Among The Saints -- and No Person Got the
Glory!

          ************************************************

These great deeds were called "special miracles":

     ******************************************************************
     "And God wrought special miracles by the hand of Paul: so that from
his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons, and the
diseases departed from them, and the evil spirits went out of them" (Acts
19:11-12).

     ******************************************************************

  How can a handkerchief or apron get any glory? Paul sent the believers
out with such items, and they in turn told others: "The saints have prayed
over this garment. If you'll believe God and place it on you, He will heal
you." When the people laid these articles on their foreheads, limbs or
bodies, they quickly got up from their bed or their begging mat. They were
healed!

  These "special miracles" became an expected part of the believers' daily
lives and worship. They didn't have to attend some huge meeting with
fanfare to see them take place. No -- they saw these mighty deeds as a part
of their everyday walk with the Lord!

  Here is my point: *If preaching alone could accomplish God's desires,
America would have been won to Christ long ago.* Consider what happened in
 Ephesus, after three months of bold preaching:

     ******************************************************************
"...(certain) were hardened, and believed not, but spake evil of that way
before the multitude..." (verse 9).
     ******************************************************************

  Ephesus was a godless, idolatrous city given over to the occult. The
population was obsessed with occult books and practices, magic, witchcraft.
And after three months of bold preaching by Paul, the people only grew
harder.

  But then God began to perform special miracles through Paul's hands.
Suddenly, the sick were being healed, the lame were given healthy limbs,
the blind had their sight restored!

  That's when the demonic powers of Ephesus began to get riled up. Seven
sons of a priest named Sceva went to a certain man's house to try to cast
demons out of him "in the name of the Jesus preached by Paul." But the
legion inside this man turned on the seven and attacked them, tearing their
clothes and beating them wildly. They ran out for their lives, naked and
screaming!

  Word spread throughout the whole city: "...and fear fell on them all, and
the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified" (verse 17). People exclaimed,
"These followers of Jesus have authority over demon powers!"

So Paul held a bonfire on the city square:

     ******************************************************************
"Many of them also which used curious arts brought their books together,
and burned them before all men: and they counted the price of them, and
found it fifty thousand pieces of silver"
 (verse 19).
     ******************************************************************

Thousands of books on exorcism, magic, occult sciences, charms, witchcraft
-- all went up in flames! *And it happened because the people of Ephesus
had been confronted with a gospel "fully preached" -- with signs, wonders
and mighty deeds!*

          ************************************************
God Envisions a Last-Day Church That Does More Than Preach and Teach!

          ************************************************

  I believe the gospel *can't* be fully preached unless it is accompanied
by the powerand demonstration of the holy Ghost -- working mighty wonders,
proving the gospel is true!

Paul boldly stated,

     ******************************************************************
"And my speech and my preaching was not with enticing words of man's
wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power"  (1 Corinthians
2:4).

     ******************************************************************

The Greek here means, "with proof." Paul was saying, "I preach the gospel
with proof. God and the Holy Spirit are backing me up with wonders!"

  Indeed, Hebrews 2:4 says God confirmed Paul's message with signs and
wonders: "God also bearing them witness, both with signs and wonders, and
with divers miracles, and gifts of the Holy Ghost, according to His own
will."

  The New Testament believers had one prayer: "that signs and wonders may
be done by the name of thy holy child Jesus" (Acts 4:30). These apostles
went everywhere fully preaching the gospel:

     ******************************************************************
"...and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles" (Acts 2:43). "And
by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the
people...And believers were the more added to the Lord" (5:12). "There came
also a multitude out of the cities round about unto Jerusalem, bringing
sick folks, and them which were vexed with unclean spirits: and they were
healed every one"  (verse 16).

     ******************************************************************

  Finally, here is one of the most conclusive of all verses -- proving that
a fully preached gospel must include signs and wonders:

     ******************************************************************
     "Long time therefore abode they speaking boldly in the Lord, which
gave testimony unto the word of his grace, and granted signs and wonders to
be done by their hands" (Acts 14:3).

     ******************************************************************

This verse says the apostles ministered boldly for a long time, preaching
grace and repentance -- *and then God granted "signs and wonders to be done
by their hands"!*

  In contrast, the church today has become weak and ineffective. Why?
Because it no longer believes in the supernatural! Theologians tell us that
at some point God quit performing mighty deeds. Yet, exactly when all of
this supernatural activity stopped, no one can say!

  Some claim that miracles ceased when Paul died. Others say it was about
A.D. 150. But, I ask you: Who has the audacity to pick the day, week, month
or year when God supposedly said, "Enough! For thousands of years I've
performed signs, wonders and miracles for those who have believed. But now
you have a completed Bible and are more intelligent. So I'm cutting you
off! No more miracles -- no more signs or healings!"

  *Beloved, don't be fooled!* There is a great deception behind all of this.

  You see, Paul tells us that in the last days Satan will come forth "with
all power and signs and lying wonders" (2 Thessalonians 2:9). Jesus Himself
said,

     ******************************************************************
     "For false Christs and false prophets shall rise, and shall shew signs
and wonders, to seduce, if it were possible, even the elect"  (Mark 13:22).

     ******************************************************************

  Think of it: Demons, false Christs, false prophets -- all seeking to
confirm their message with lying signs and wonders! Yet, am I supposed to
believe that God will expose His church to such a powerful, wonder-working
devil -- but leave us with no mighty weapons or supernatural workings of
our own? Will He have a church that says, "Satan can work signs and
wonders, but God cannot"? *Never! That is absolutely unthinkable!*

  Rather, the Bible says God's holy remnant church will go

     ******************************************************************
     "forth and (preach) every where, the Lord working with them, and
confirming the word with signs following" (Mark 16:20).
     ******************************************************************

  *That is what God envisions for us!*

  You ask, "But what about all the lying signs and wonders among Satan's
hordes?"

  I tell you, just as Moses' reed swallowed up Pharaoh's snakes, God's
mighty deeds in these last days will swallow up all the devil's dark deeds.
Satan's works will appear as nothing compared to God's incredible signs and
wonders!

  The miracles of this last-day church will be genuine, real, undisputable,
undeniable -- and yet they will not be well-known. Instead, they will issue
forth from the hands of ordinary, holy, separated saints who know God and
are intimate with Jesus.

  These believers will emerge from the secret closet of prayer -- a small,
prepared army full of faith, with no other desire than to do the will of
God and glorify Him. Without fanfare they will go into hospitals, homes,
the streets, and will lay hands on the sick and see incredible miracles of
healing. They will be fearless against demons, casting down great
principalities and powers. They will be so powerful in prayer, they'll open
entire nations for the gospel. *And God will confirm His Word by their
mighty deeds!"

          ************************************************
2. This Last-Day Remnant Church Will Be Comprised of Christians Who Refuse
to Live by Bread Alone!
          ************************************************

  If you think you're too ordinary for God to use, listen closely: *God is
not going to do His last-day work through big-name evangelists or pastors.*
They alone won't be able to handle the great moving of His Spirit! The fact
is, God is going to need every housewife, teenager, elderly person and all
who love Him to carry out His mighty work!

  This last-day army is going to be made up of Christians who have been
weaned from *bread alone.* Let me explain what I mean:

  God said through Moses:

     ******************************************************************
     "...man doth not live by bread only, but by every word that proceedeth
out of the mouth of the Lord doth man live"   (Deuteronomy 8:3).
     ******************************************************************

Jesus Himself quoted this verse when Satan tempted Him in the wilderness to
turn stones into bread.

  Bread stands for all natural, material things necessary for this life.
These include food, shelter, clothes, labor, wages. Bread represents
*livelihood* -- those earthly things we need that are not evil in
themselves.

  Now, the Lord knows we need all of these things. But multitudes of
Christians live *only* for the things of this life! Their lives are wrapped
up in their job, their house, paying the bills. And all their prayers are
focused only on their needs -- their hurts, their problems, their desires.
*They live on bread alone!*

  Of course, it is honorable to have a job and to provide for your family.
That's all a part of obeying the Word of God and living by every word that
proceeds out of His mouth. But some Christians never get beyond bread. They
spend a lifetime just surviving!

  For example -- how many Christian young men and women spend all of their
time thinking about their need for a mate? How much of their prayers is
focused on asking God to fulfill their loneliness! *They are living on
bread alone.*

  How many married couples spend all of their time focused on trials and
troubles with their children? This one matter consumes all their thoughts,
all their prayers. They are focused on one need -- *on bread!*

  Jesus did teach us to pray, "Give us this day our daily bread" (Matthew
6:11). But first He said we were to pray, "Thy kingdom come. Thy will be
done..." (verse 10). We are to focus first on *God's* interests -- to pray
for *His* will to be done!

  What have you been thinking about more than anything else these past six
months? What has consumed most of your time and prayers? Has it been mostly
bread issues -- personal needs?

  If you focus only on bread, *then you have no life!* You're living in a
wilderness, as the children of Israel did. Each day they arose and began
crying for bread. Yet, after God gave it to them, they cried for meat. They
continually cried out for their personal needs to be met -- *every day for
forty years!*

  Beloved, that is boredom -- drudgery! God never intended that for His
children. Instead, He told Israel through Moses, "You should be living by
every word that proceeds out of My mouth! Yes, I told you I would give you
bread. But don't stop there. Move on! I've told you there's a land ahead
flowing with milk and honey, with rivers, trees, forests, green pastures.
And I want that place for you!"

  If your whole life is centered on survival -- if you're not shut in with
Jesus, growing in His Word, preparing your heart as a bride adorned for her
Husband -- then you have no life at all! You're bored, unfulfilled! You may
come to church and receive a little bit of life here and there. But you are
not *giving* life!

  Right now God is raising up a people who are not focused on bread issues.
Instead, they are focused on His will for this midnight hour! They are
tired of living in a wilderness of mere survival. All they want is to know
and do God's will. They are ordinary people who have been weaned from
living on bread alone. Their training has come from the Holy Ghost -- in
the secret closet of prayer!

          ************************************************
God's Army Is Being Called to Prepare Themselves -- to Constantly Be in a
Ready Condition!
          ************************************************

  Every member of this last-day army must be ready and prepared in heart --
because God is poised to release His great, final outpouring!

  Before Jesus came, John the Baptist went forth "to make ready a people
prepared for the Lord" (Luke 1:17). This was a preaching of repentance -- a
call to people to prepare their hearts.

  Paul also spoke of being "prepared unto every good work" (2 Timothy
2:21). And Samuel told Israel that God would do a new thing for them, if
they would "prepare (their) hearts unto the Lord, and serve Him only" (1
Samuel 7:3). Also, David said, "Lord, thou hast heard the desire [petition]
of the humble: thou wilt prepare their heart, thou wilt cause thine ear to
hear" (Psalm 10:17).

  In this last verse, David outlines a simple, three-step plan for knowing
the Lord's mind and will for your life:

  1. Petition Him (pray).

  2. Prepare your heart to hear His voice.

  3. *He will cause you to know. The Spirit will speak to you!*

  Very soon, God is going to pour out of His glorious cup the greatest
measure of His Spirit the world has ever seen. Great conviction will come
upon your neighbors, coworkers and unsaved family members. The Holy Ghost
is going to convict of sin, righteousness and judgment!

  People everywhere are going to be hurting. And they're going to turn from
their dead churches to seek out those who walk with God. They will be
desperate to find *someone whose heart has been prepared!*

  Beloved, you are one of those whom God is calling! He is going to use
hundreds of thousands of ordinary servants for His end-time work of
people-to- people ministry. So, I ask you: Are you preparing your heart
right now for His work to be done, both in you and through you? Or are you
just sitting by, enduring a wilderness life?

  Confess to God today: "Oh, Lord -- I want my life to count! I know that
right now I'm living in a wilderness of despair, on bread alone. But I want
to live!"

  Dive into His Word. Learn to seek Him daily. There is revolutionary power
in the preparation of your heart! It is through this preparation that
meaning and fullness come to your life. It changes your feelings, your
personality -- and it releases power in you!

  When God sees you are ready, He will bring to you great opportunities to
do His work. You won't even have to leave your house. God will bring the
needs right to your door!

  But be warned: If you don't begin to seek Him, the Bible says, you will
turn to evil.

     ******************************************************************
"And he did evil, because he prepared not his heart to seek the Lord" (2 Chronicles 12:14).
     ******************************************************************

  We serve a mighty God who at this very hour is preparing His people for a
mighty work:

     ******************************************************************
     "The Lord shall go forth as a mighty man, he shall stir up jealousy
like a man of war: he shall cry, yea, roar; he shall prevail against his
enemies" (Isaiah 42:13).
     ******************************************************************

  So prepare your heart to meet Him. Become a ready servant, equipped and
prepared for his great, last-day outpouring. And you will see His glory
come alive in you in this final hour! Hallelujah!

file: /pub/resources/text/Times.Square.Church/TSCPS: ps940523.txt


================================================================
When in New York City Visit Times Square Church
Located at 51st Street & Broadway

Schedule of Services
Sunday Morning.................................10:00
Sunday Afternoon............................... 3:00
Sunday Evening................................. 6:00
Tuesday Evening [Prayer, healing, communion]... 7:00
Thursday Evening [Intercessory Prayer]......... 7:00
Friday Evening................................. 7:00
================================================================
<<<<<<Attention -- New Readers

The David Wilkerson Times Square Church Pulpit Series is sent out every
three weeks free of charge. You may be added to our growing list of
readers and receive these messages on a regular basis.*

Send your request to:

World Challenge
P.O. Box 260
Lindale, Texas 75771

*NOTE: Please mention that you received this information through the
internet ministry of The Missing Link, Inc. so we can continue enjoying the
Times Square Church Pulpit Series on the internet.

We would appreciate your personal feedback so we can forward it to David
Wilkerson and encourage him with the effectiveness of his ministry on the
internet.

COPYRIGHT/REPRODUCTION LIMITATIONS:

This data file is the sole property of World Challenge.  It may not be
altered or edited in any way.  It may be reproduced only in its entirety
for circulation as "freeware," without charge.  All reproductions of this
data file must contain the copyright notice (i.e., "Copyright (C) 1994 by
World Challenge.").  This data file may not be used without the per-
mission of World Challenge for resale or the enhancement of any other pro-
duct sold.  This includes all of its content with the exception of a few
brief quotations.  Please give the following source credit: Copyright (C)
1994 by World Challenge, Lindale Texas.


*************************

Maritime Law and the First Beast
By: Wayne Merritt
a1nonly@iinet.com

Revelation 13:1 "And I stood upon the sand of the sea; and saw a beast rise
up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten
crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy. "

I often find myself, being nautical and in the Navy for so long, a person
who finds the middle of the ocean fascinating.  I  understand that when a
ship is outside international waters (3 nautical miles) that the captain of
that ship is responsible for the safety of every crewmember. He is under
Naval law,  and maritime law, which in peace time, outrules Naval Law. When
a major decision is required, he alone is overall responsible. The captain
of every ship at sea falls under maritime law and maritime law, when
researched, is something to consider when reading Revelation 13.

I read this Chapter and wondered why  John saw this beast coming out of the
sea. Well, I started to consider the one world government, the New Roman
Empire, (ECC) along with the United Nations ( "no boundaries between
nations" which the UN 50th anniversary commercial advertisements stated),
realized that maritime law would have to be part of this picture. When we
speak of ONE WORLD we have to include the sea's, cause they are very
important, take up 3/4 of the WORLD and , as you will see, must be
controlled.

Our Navy, which is still strong, is being downsized along with the rest of
the military, and we are now a 330 ship Navy from a once  600 ship Navy not
too long ago. Balancing the seapower with the rest of the world is an
obvious agenda. With a smaller Navy,  it becomes frighting for our
sovereignty, real frighting. Our deceased CNO, knew the big picture my
friends, and he probably felt the time is real short for a Nation that was
founded by God-Fearing Men.  A weaker, less powerful Navy means a spread
out Navy with less protection for Merchant ships exporting and importing,
less protection from attacks from sea, less defense from the seas and most
of all, more upkeep of ships, which means more time inport due to heavy
maintenance burdens.

Now lets look at what Maritime law is, where it came from, and what John
was looking at on the beach (sands of the sea)..................

What is Maritime Law?

Maritime Law - body of law governing navigation and overseas commerce. It
is  based on customs and usages that  developed between trading nations and
were compiled beginning in the late Middle Ages. It is part of the
international law only insofar as it determines relations between nations.
In the U.S., maritime cases (except for collision at sea) are under
exclusive federal jurisdiction. Its a body of law governing navigation and
overseas commerce.

International Maritime Organization

International Maritime Organization (IMO), specialized agency of the United
Nations (UN) that promotes international cooperation on technical matters
affecting shipping; recommends and encourages adoption of the highest
practicable standards of maritime safety and efficient navigation; and
fosters international action to prevent pollution of the sea. Formerly
known as the Inter-Governmental Maritime Consultative Organization, the
agency was first authorized by a UN resolution in 1948, but was not
established until 1958. It was given its present name in 1982.

History

The origins of maritime law go back to antiquity. Because no country has
jurisdiction over the seas, it has been necessary for nations to reach
agreements regarding ways of dealing with ships, crews, and cargoes when
disputes arise. The earliest agreements were probably based on a body of
ancient customs that had developed as practical solutions to common
problems. Many of these customs became part of Roman civil law. After the
fall of the Roman Empire, maritime commerce was disrupted for about 500
years.

Okay, now you sorta know the history of Maritime law, without a college
degree, and understand that it rules the seas!  Now, look at a world map,
how much water is out there?  3/4 of the earth is water, and that leaves
rest, only 1/4, being terra firma....land.

Could it be that the Beast who John saw coming out of the sea has to
control the Maritime law, so this beast can control the flow of commerce,
military and all  shipping throughout the world?  I understand that there
are enough Law's of the Land to deal with, and that Maritime law is never
even considered unless you go to sea. But our exporting, importing, naval
maneuvering, foreign naval and commercial shipping, local shipping,
fishing, freedom of navigation (how close you can come to a foreign land
coastline without permission) all fall under Maritime law and International
law. Supplies of food, a major portion of our economy, and protection of
our land falls under maritime law. You can bring in more food, more
imports, export more and protect more from the seas than on  land or in the
air.  Interesting? Well, it ought to be cause the New Empire (beast) is
coming out of the sea. I don't picture Revelation 13:1 as some Godzilla
coming out of the sea while John stands on the beach freaking out.  I
picture it as John seeing the large, political final curtain and the
antichrists final push for the world.  Shortly after this, in Chapter 13
one of the heads seem to die, but then it seemed to be healed, and they
worshipped the beast saying, "Who is like this beast?, Who is able to make
war with him?"    I want you to notice in Rev 13:11 another beast comes up
out of the earth. The first beast came out of the sea, and the next out of
the earth.  Its obvious that its in chronological order because in Rev
13:12 this beast exercised all the power of the first beast before him.
This 2nd beast seems to be the antichrist himself, the first is the New
Roman Empire,  the ECC (political system)  the political groundwork for the
2nd beast to enter the scene.  With all this in mind, the first beast
coming out of the sea along with understanding the importance of  maritime
law, one can discern how important the high seas are.

The Chief of Naval Operations, more than any other American realized this
importance.  Now,  the WORLDS most powerful  military admiral is dead at
57, and man it sure does make me wonder.  The importance of this matter is
much more serious than the reports coming out of the media.  This man owned
the Navy. His pen was more powerful than the sword.  His goals were good
and decent, but his heart was torn, torn due to something coming soon.
Could it have been the beast out of the sea which he saw coming?

With his death, a new billet (slot)  for another man opens. A man with the
same power, who can control the United States Navy with a penstroke.
Hopefully a man with the same intentions as the last CNO.  But  I would
caution you to watch this new man closly, cause this is a man  who must be
appointed by the president of the United States.

When the first beast  comes out of the sea,  the sea-lanes of democracy
will be shut down, and, as many of you know, the events that lead up to any
of these beasts coming forth are upon us today. Maritime Law may be the Red
Carpet ! But one thing is certain, Maritime Law is important, its so
important that the first beast, the New World government, will come out of
the sea, and people may have to die for this beast to move quick. In fact,
someone already may have!
	
NOTE: Jesus did not want us to be kept in the dark on these matters, in
fact, Jesus wants us to watch! This does not mean keep your eyes focused on
heaven, but to focus on earth. The angel said, why do you look up, don't
you know Jesus will come back just as he went up?    We can all agree Jesus
is coming back, thats for sure.  But our warning. I feel, as Christians is
not to keep our eyes focused on Heaven, but what is going on down here. I
am not saying that you should not  get in a quiet corner and think about
how Heaven will be, we can do that whenever we want, but I am saying don't
focus on where Jesus is, focus on where He is going.  After all, God is
running heaven, so why worry about Heaven....but who is running earth?
(Answer: Satan).  Hence, our battles are spiritual and the satanic spirits
are deceiving many, even the ELECT if that were possible. WOW Huh? Lets
take the Gospel to heart friends, Jude states this :  and with some have
compassion, making a difference, and Others save with fear, pulling them
out of the fire; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh. (Jude 22:23)


In His Name
Wayne Merritt

*********************************

Israel and the Church: the Differences
By Thomas S. McCall, Th.D.
First appeared in the Levitt Letter, May 96 issue.


One of the great theological battlegrounds of orthodox Christianity
throughout the centuries has been the nature and character of the Church,
especially in relation to its biblical predecessor, Israel. The two major
views are that:

1. The Church is a continuation of Israel

2. The Church is completely different from Israel

First View: The Church is Israel

The predominant view has been that the Church is the "new" Israel, a
continuation of the concept of Israel which began in the Old Testament. In
this view, the Church is the refinement and higher development of the
concept of Israel. All of the promises made to Israel in the Scriptures
find their fulfillment in the Church. Thus, the prophecies relating to the
blessing and restoration of Israel to the Promised Land are "spiritualized"
into promises of blessing to the Church. The prophecies of condemnation and
judgment, though, are retained literally by the Jewish nation of Israel.

This view is sometimes called Replacement Theology, because the Church is
seen to replace Israel in God's economy. One of the problems with the view,
among others, is the continuing existence of the Jewish people, especially
with regard to the revival of the new modern state of Israel. If Israel has
been condemned to extinction, and there is no divinely ordained future for
the Jewish nation, how does one account for the supernatural survival of
the Jewish people since the establishment of the Church, for almost 2,000
years against all odds? Furthermore, how does one account for Israel's
resurgence among the family of nations as an independent nation, victorious
in several wars and flourishing economically?

Second View: Israel and the Church are Different

The other view, we believe, is clearly taught in the New Testament, but it
has been suppressed throughout most of Church history. This view is that
the Church is completely different and distinct from Israel, and the two
should not be confused. In fact, the Church is an entirely new creation
that came into being on the Day of Pentecost after Christ's resurrection
from the dead, and will continue until it is taken to Heaven at the Rapture
return of the Lord (Eph. 1:9-11). None of the curses or blessings
pronounced upon Israel refer directly to the Church. The Church enters into
the Abrahamic and New Covenants, for instance, only by divine application,
not by original interpretation (Matt 26:28).

This leaves all the covenants, promises, and warnings to Israel intact.
Israel, the natural Jewish nation, is still Israel. To be sure, Israel has
been side-lined during these past 1,900 years of the Diaspora. The Church
has taken center stage in the Lord's affairs as the Gospel has spread
throughout the world. Nevertheless, God has carefully preserved the Jewish
people, even in unbelief, through every kind of distress and persecution.
Sometimes, the professing Church itself (I speak to our shame) has been a
cause of these persecutions to the Jews.

Not only has God preserved the Jewish nation, but He has also kept His
promise to save a remnant of Israel in every generation. The remnant of
Israel in this age are the Jewish believers in Christ who have joined the
Gentile believers, and form the Church, the Body of Christ (Rom. 11:5). In
this respect, then, a part of Israel (the believing remnant) intersects
with the Church during the Church Age. But this does not make Israel the
Church, or vice versa.

In the future, both God's warnings and promises to Israel will come to
pass. After the Lord is finished with the Church Age, and has taken the
Church to Heaven in the Rapture (1 Thess. 4:16-18), God will restore Israel
to center stage on the world's divine theater. First comes the devastating
"Time of Jacob's Trouble" (Jer. 30:7) also known as the Great Tribulation.
This is a dreadful period of seven years, which begins relatively lightly
during the first half, but intensifies into full focus during the latter
half. During this time the world is judged for rejecting Christ, but, more
specifically, Israel is judged, purged and prepared through the fiery
trials of the Great Tribulation for the Second Coming of the Messiah. This
is the bad news.

The good news is that, when Christ does return to the earth at the end of
the Tribulation, Israel will be ready, willing, and eager to receive Him,
and proclaim, "Blessed is He who comes in the name of the Lord" (Matt.
23:39). As the stumbling of Israel brought blessing to the world at
Christ's First Coming, the reception of Israel to Christ at His Second
Advent will be like "life from the dead" (Rom. 11:15). The remnant of
Israel which survives the Tribulation (some one- third of the Jewish people
who enter the Tribulation), will be saved, and the Lord will establish His
kingdom on the same earth and the same capital city, Jerusalem, that
rejected Him centuries before. Israel will be the head of the nations, and
no longer the tail, and all nations will send representatives to Jerusalem
to honor and worship the King of Kings and Lord of Lords (Isa. 2:2-3; Micah
4:1). The Church will return with Christ, and will rule with Him for a
thousand years (Rev. 20:1-5). He Himself told His disciples that they would
rule over the 12 tribes of Israel in the restoration (Matt. 19:28). Thus,
Israel has not been forgotten in God's plan. While the Jewish nation still
has a dark period facing it, there is a glorious finale to Israel's long
history.

How Did the Church Decide the Demise of Israel?

The New Testament Church was very much involved with the vicissitudes of
Israel. Jesus is an Israeli, as were all the apostles, and the concerns of
Israel, spiritually and politically, were very much a part of their lives.
The greatest struggles the early Church had were over the relationship
between Israel and the Church, law and grace, and the fellowship between
Jewish and Gentile believers in Christ (Galatians). Many of the Jewish
believers were not comfortable with the Gentile believers at first; and as
time went on and Gentiles began to predominate numerically, the attitudes
were reversed. Galatians shows how the Jewish party tried to impose the
Mosaic Law on Gentile Christians, and Romans shows how the Gentile party
began to "boast against the branches" (Rom. 11:18), resenting the place of
Israel in history and theology.

It took some time, perhaps a couple of centuries, but eventually the vast
Gentile majority in the Church began to view Israel as a vestigial organ
that had outlived its usefulness. In fact, the predominant Christian view
was that the destruction of Jerusalem divinely-ordained end of the Jewish
nation, never more to be re-instituted as a national entity. The fact that
Jerusalem lay in ruins and the Jewish people were scattered over the world
was seen as conclusive evidence that God was forever finished with national
Israel. If there were any purpose for the existence of the Jewish people,
it was to remind the world of the severe judgment of God upon a disobedient
people.

If this harsh view of Israel were true, though, what of the promises of God
to Israel in the Old Testament? For those who claimed to believe in the
entire Bible as the Word of God, this was a great problem. How could a
faithful God not keep His promises to His ancient people? To deal with this
took extraordinary theologi- cal dexterity and alchemy. The theologians had
to propose that Israel in the Scriptures did not really mean Israel,
especially when it came to the promises of eternal blessing. Instead,
Israel meant something else, something that came to be known in the New
Testament as the Church. The Church became the new Israel, and through this
remarkable transformation, wherever blessing is promised to Israel in the
Old Testament, it was interpreted to mean the Church. This is Replacement
Theology, in which the Church has become Israel.

Replacement Theology was already around before the end of the First
Century, but did not become the official position of professing Christian
leadership until Augustine popularized the concept, primarily in THE CITY
OF GOD, in the latter part of the Fourth Century. Augustine actually states
that he was previously a Chiliast, meaning that he was a believer in the
thousand-year reign of Christ on the earth after His return. This is the
same as our current description of Premillennialism. However, he had come
to the conclusion that this view was "carnal," and had adopted the view
that the reign of Christ would be something more "spiritual," and would
actually occur during the Church Age. Such a view necessitated the
extinction of Israel, and the cancellation of all promises God made to the
Jewish nation. These promises of blessing would now be fulfilledwithin the
framework of the Church.

This view, which had been latent in Christendom, now flourished throughout
the Byzantine world. From this point on, the theological legs were cut out
from under Israel, and the predominan Christian theology was that there was
no future for Israel. Replacement Theology has been the rule that has
survived the Middle Ages, the Crusades and the Reformation in Church
History. Only during the last Century or so has the Premillennial concept
of the future of Israel come to the forefront in evangelical Christianity.
Even so, it is a minority view.

Does Israel's Future Demean the Church's Glory?

Some suggest that if Israel has not ceased to exist in its covenant
relationship to God, and if Israel still has a future in the divine plan,
this somehow diminishes the position of the Church. Is such a concern
valid? It is almost as though the Church has been jealous of Israel, and
afraid that if it recognized Israel's future promises, it would somehow
demean Christ and the Church. Nothing could be further from the truth.

It is when the Church recognizes Israel that the true distinctiveness and
glory of the Body of Christ becomes evident. This called-out body, composed
of believing Jews and Gentiles during the Church Age, is the highest entity
the Lord has created, superior to the universe, all the Angels, the
nations, and Israel. Our Head, our Husband, our Friend is the Son of God
Himself. We shall reign with Him when He rules the earth, and our 12
Founding Apostles will rule over the 12 tribes of Israel. The Angels
themselves will study us forever as the greatest exhibit of God's grace,
and we will actually judge the Angels. This is our destiny, and this
writer, for one, would not trade his position in the Body of Christ with
any creature in the universe! Why, then, be disturbed over what God has
promised the Jewish people? Why be jealous over the future destiny of
Israel? How short sighted of us! Indeed, the Church's finest and most
distinctive hour will be when Israel is restored nationally and spiritually
to the Lord at the Second Coming of Christ. We will return from Heaven with
Him as His glorious Bride to rule Israel and the world. What more could we
ask?

So, if we are not to suffer from spiritual myopia, we must recognize what
the Lord is doing with Israel, not shrinking from it as though our own
interests will be overshadowed. Rather, we rejoice in these developments,
with full assurance that our own redemption draws ever closer.

This article is scheduled to appear in the Dictionary of Premillennial
Theology, to be published by Kregel Publications.

Write for Zola'a Newsletter, send mail to:
Zola Levitt Ministries
Box 12268
Dallas, TX  75225

For speaking engagements, write to the address above or send a FAX  to:
214-669-8640

Tell them that you read it in Prophe-Zine.

*******************************

Rest, But Don't Rust!
By: pastor_ron@tassie.net.au

Do you sometimes wonder about the wisdom of our more mature citizens who
take up jogging?  The running bug seems to have bitten many people over the
past few years.   Once it was only the athletic types who ran, those who
were intent on getting medals and trophies and who wore club vests.   Now,
nearly everyone seems to go out running.

Well, I don't.   Sometimes I have to make a dash to answer the 'phone, but
nothing as spectacular as getting kitted out and racing round the streets.
Mind you, I'm not built for running. I enjoy a steady walk and a swim once
or twice a week.  I'm no runner, but I'm no slouch either.
What has created and sustained this interest in running for the ordinary
person is the commendable urge for fitness and good health. The various
gifts, marathons and fun runs we have have given good publicity to the
sport.   It's good to watch it on television.   There are the serious
runners, the professionals, who are looking for the big prize money. And
those after the prestige of winning a medal, or  being selected to
represent their club, state or country.   But it is the also-ran's I like
to see -those who are running to raise money for charity.

Of course only the top runners can compete in the big marathon events. All
over the world there are fun runs that give everyone a chance to enter,
including those who do it for a laugh or a bet.   Most runners are not
aiming to come in first - they know their limitations but they do aim to
complete the course.   You can see by their faces what it means to cross
the finish line even if they are last and everyone has gone home by the
time they have made it.   Stickability is what counts - completing the
course they had set out on.

Stickability.   If only there were more people that had it.   So many
people start things, make promises, and then give up.   Promises, promises,
but no results. Saint Paul, at the end of a long and difficult life, was
able to write to his young friend Timothy: "I have done my best in the
race.   I have run the full distance, and I have kept the faith."   He
wasn't referring to the local fun run but to his life of faith, keeping the
promises he had made to God.   He had lived by faith and pressed on even
when the going  got tough, lonely and painful.

For most people, to retire means to enjoy a well-earned rest.   To sit back
and take things easy.   Yet too often retirement becomes the excuse for the
tired to rust rather than rest.   Long cherished plans dissolve in the
fading twilight of declining years. Don't let it happen.   Rest by all
means, but don't rust. There are still things to do.   Stick at it.

Have a good week.

Pastor_Ron

Optional Bible readings:
1 Corinthians 9, verses 24 to 27;
Hebrews 12, verses 1 to 3.

This is one of a  series of weekly messages of encouragement originating
from the Huon Valley near Hobart, Tasmania, Australia. Your comments are
always welcome.

E-mail Address: pastor_ron@tassie.net.au

Visit our Internet home page http://www.pastornet.net.au/word4week
Rowland Croucher

***************************

SAVING THE EARTH
Excerpts from Brave New Schools by Berit Kjos
_____________________________
"In searching for a new enemy to unite us, we came up with the idea that
pollution, the threat of global warming, water shortages, famine and the
like would fit the bill.... All these dangers are caused by human
intervention... The real enemy, then, is humanity itself.1      Club of
Rome (an influential group of 100 globalist leaders)

In the weeks surrounding Earth Day (April 22 Lenin's birthday), students
from coast to coast celebrate their spiritual connection to Mother Earth,
chant prayers to the Great Spirit, and imagine politically correct answers
to the unequal distribution of the world's resources. Using computers that
"simulate the real world," they recreate environmental disasters and
"solve" global problems.

These dubious lessons share a common aim-. to persuade students to reject
Western culture and become advocates for new global beliefs and values
While this agenda makes little sense to those who view America from a
traditional perspective, it makes perfect sense to leaders seeking global
laws that would govern land, people, education, and consumption.

A lesson in Clean Sweep, an environmental curriculum published by the Iowa
Department of Education, illustrates the bias behind environmental
education. The class divides into two groups: first, the world's current
population seated in a circle representing the earth; second, the "unborn"
people of the world. Played like musical chairs, the game instructs the
first group to gather natural resources whenever the music stops.
Meanwhile, new children are "born", adding to the fast-growing "population"
consuming the dwindling resources. Guess what happens. The world runs out
of resources.

Like most environmental classroom exercises, the game sounds logical but
distorts reality. Designed to change attitudes, it ignores scientific
facts, social statistics, and renewable resources.2 Yet, what it does is
far more dangerous than what it omits: it gives children an alarming view
of an imagined reality. They feel the exaggerated dangers. They agree to
solve the problem.

To make sure the children understand that America is the villain of the
world, they discuss the main message: "The U.S.A. uses over 20% of the
world's resources. . . How do the others feel toward the US.A. in this
game?"	Other questions prod the children toward these "right" conclusions:
America's demand for resources deprivespoorer nations of their equal
share. Greedy nations must reduce consumption, block population growth, and
make whatever sacrifices needed for common good and planetary healing.

Genuine concern for the environment is needful, for ecological abuses do
destroy farm land, sea life, forests, and other resources especially
outside the Western word. But since most environmental problems are local
or regional, they fail to serve the political purposes of global leaders
who want nothing less than global governance.

Rousing whole nations to action, and inspiring a unified call for planetary
management requires global disasters like ozone holes3  and rising ocean
levels, not merely dying lakes and rivers. Globalist leaders know that
well.

"In searching for a new enemy to unite us, we came up with the idea that
pollution, the threat of global warming, water shortages, famine and the
like would fit the bill," declared members of the Club of Rome in a
sweeping 1991 report on global governance." All these dangers are caused by
human intervention.  The real enemy, then, is humanity itself." 4

Al Gore, who wrote a book to spread a similar message, said, "We must make
rescue of the environment the central organizing principle for
civilization."5  In Earth in the Balance, he calls for a "worldwide
education program" and a  "panreligious perspective" based on "the wisdom
distilled by all faiths."6

Gore knows that common beliefs and values based on idealized (not factual)
models of earth-centered cultures are vital to planetary oneness. Just as
tribes, not individuals, owned the land and shared common values, so
government must control land, populations, and beliefs in the next decade.
A mythical "common good" must inspire the new policies.7

 "We'd like to see the world a better place  to get some broad-based
support, to capture the public's imagination," said Stanford University
environmentalist Stephen Schneider. "That, of course, entails getting loads
of media coverage. So we have to offer up scary scenarios, make simplified,
dramatic statements and make little mention of any doubts we might have...
Each of us has to decide what the right balance is between being effective
and being honest."8 (Emphasis added)

In other words, facts must yield to ideology. Excluded from public debate
are uncompromising scientists like Dr. Frederick Seitz, past President of
the National Academy of Sciences and recipient of the National Medal of
Science, who refuses to conform to the government agenda.
	
"There is reason," writes Dr. Seitz, "based on sound scientific work, to
express doubt that we are in immediate danger from either global warming or
depletion of the ozone layer as envisaged by some extreme activists in the
environmental movement."9

Yet, environmental curricula and children's ecology books echo those scary
scenarios envisioned by the "extreme activists." Many blame parents for
exaggerated global problems.  "They may deny it," says Captain Eco, the
high flying superhero of a large picture book called Captain Eco and the
Fate of the Earth, "but ... they're stealing your future from under your
noses."10	

Captain Eco takes two children on a tour of the damaged earth. After
showing them all the familiar abuses in the worst possible light, the
captain points them to the final mega-problem: "and that's YOU."
		
"We're not that bad, are we?" they respond.
	
"Not you personally, but the whole human race. There are so many of you.
Either you go on... polluting all over the planet... Or you can work toward
a better world.... Will you help me?"11		
Lots of children are willing. They plant trees and clean river banks--which
is great!   They join Kids for Saving the Earth, Kids for a Clean
Environment, Kids' in Nature's Defense, and the K-12 Network  save the
planet. They become vegetarians, peace activists, and Enviro-Cops who
receive badges and recite oaths to protect the earth. They write letters by
the thousands--to the White House, to Congress, to local newspapers. . . .
	
Spurred by activist teachers, students join worldwide environmental
networks through global computer links, which can tap into advocacy groups
like PeaceNet and EcoNet.  Nearly 300 schools in 21 countries are linked
through the International Education and Resource Network (I*LEARN) which
was formed in 1991 when the Copen Foundation expanded its New York/Moscow
project. Few children are equipped to recognize the indoctrination.
	
In order to resist classroom pressures to embrace environmental globalism,
children need to....

Know science facts that expose false scenarios yet show practical solutions
genuine problems. For scientific data, read The True State of the Planet:
Ten of the World's Premier Environmental Researchers in a Major Challenge
to the Environmental Movement, edited by Ronald Bailey.

Understand some of the political visions which fuel the environmental movement.

Remember that classroom computer programs and models don't simulate the
real world. At best they match environmental ideology. The programmers
decide what the computers will demonstrate.

To avoid compromise with mythical thinking and earth-centered
environmentalism, children should watch out for songs, rituals, and myths
that encourage pantheism and earth worship.

When God put humans in charge of his creation, He intended that we love and
care for it as He would, not abuse it. (Genesis 1: 26, 28, 2:15). To do our
part, we need to heed the Maker not earthy spirits. Then He enables us to
share His concerns and follow His caring ways before the watchful eyes of
the world.

________________________________________
For more information about environmental education, read Brave New Schools
(Harvest House Publishers). Available through Christian bookstores or by
calling 800-829-5646.
____________________________________________________________________
Footnotes:
1 Alexander King & Bertrand Schneider, The First Global Revolution (New
York: Pantheon Books, 1991), 115.
2. For example, trees are a renewable resource. The fact that the USA
plants more trees than it cuts down is rarely, if ever, mentioned in
environmental curricula.
3. Actually the ozone "hole" is not a hole at all. It is a seasonal
thinning discovered back in
1956 by Dr. Gordon Dobson.  Each spring, after the long sunless southern
winter,  the ozone layer thins over the Antarctica. Conversely, it always
expands after the southern summer when ultraviolet radiation once again
creates ozone. (The media didn't tell you that the "hole" closes each year,
did it?) The annual thinning varies from year to year. In fact, less ozone
was measured in 1985 than in 1990 though more freon was used. Why?
Scientific data indicate a strong consistent correlation between ozone
depletion and major volcanic explosions and other natural factors.
4. Alexander King & Bertrand Schneider, The First Global Revolution (New
York: Pantheon Books, 1991), 115.
5. Steven Chapman, Chicago Tribune, October 8, 1992.
6. Al Gore, "Earth in the Balance (Houghton Mifflin, 1992), 355, 258-9.
7. Globalists would like the California Social Studies Framework. Twisting
the old meaning of "literacy," it requires students to demonstrate
"Cultural Literacy" (understand "the mytholigy, legends, values, and
beliefs" of the world's cultures), "Economic Literacy" ("understand the
problem of scarcity" and how to determine "what, how, and for whom to
produce" within a planned economy), and "Geographic Literacy" ("Understand
world regions" and how people are "changing the land"). History Social
Science Framework (Sacramento: The California Department of Education,
1988), 14-17.
8. Jonathan Schell, "Our Fragile Earth," Discover (October 1989); 44.
9. Dr. Frederick Seitz, Global Warming and Ozone Hole Controversies: A
Challenge to Scientific Judgment (Washington, DC: George C. Marshall
Institute, 1994), 25, 27, 33.
10. Jonathan Porritt, Captain Eco and the Fate of the Earth (New York:
Dorling Kindersley, Inc., 1988), 5.11 Ibid., 46-47.

Short Bio on
Berit Kjos
14710 Manuella Road
Los Altos Hills, CA 94022
Fax: (415) 941-9352

Berit Kios is a widely respected researcher, the author of books and magazine articles, a popular conference speaker, and a concerned parent who has extensively studied current education systems.

Kjos first became aware of New Age and occult influences in our society at
a 1974 conference on holistic health.  As a registered nurse, she was
interested in methods of healing, but soon discovered that the occult
powers found in New Age methods brought bondage instead of true healing.
As a parrot, Kjos became aware of similar New Age influences in education.
She began to monitor the schools for classroom programs that taught
occultism and New Age spirituality, then began to share what she learned
with other parents and teachers.

Now a popular speaker for churches, Christian schools, and homeschooling
groups nationwide, Kjos has given workshops and seminars at conferences
such as the Association for Christian Schools International.  She has
spoken at conferences for such groups as the Constitutional Coalition,
Child Evangelism Fellowship, Concerned Women for America, and Citizens for
Excellence in Education.

Kjos' newest book, Brave New Schools, surveys the scene in today's public
schools and provides guidelines for parents who are concerned about their
children's education. Kjos shows how myth, feeling, imagination,
andpolitically correct stories are replacing truth, facts, logic, and
history
in the classroom. She also explains what programs such as Goals 2000 are
all about, and why all students-even homeschoolers-eventually will be
required to demonstrate competence in the new social and thinking skills
before they can move on to higher education or jobs.

Kjos is also the author of Your Child and the New Age, Under the Spell of
Mother Earth, and A Wardrobe from the King. Her articles have appeared in
magazines such as Virtue, Moody, Servant, Focus on the Family, and the
Chrsitian Conscience. Kjos has also written numerous Bible study guides,
booklets, and devotional.

A frequent guest on national radio and television programs, Kjos has been
interviewed on The 700 Club, Point of View, Bible Answer Man, Beverly
LaHaye Live, Crosstalk, CBN Radio, Family Radio Network, and many more.

PERSONAL BACKGROUND:
Berit Kjos has authored four books, Your Child and the New Age, Under the
Spell of Mother Earth, Brave New Schools,  and A Wardrobe from the King, a
Bible study showing how to wear the Armor of God.  These books were written
to encourage Christian families to resist the New Age and Neo-pagan
influences that are transforming America.  A 1974 conference on Holistic
Health first introduced Berit, a registered nurse, to the enticing
"universal force" of the New Age. While writing Bible studies and training
leaders, she saw the need to show children the basic differences between
New Age teaching and Biblical truth--and to help them know and love the
truths that counter deception.


Berit Kjos' newest book Brave New Schools, shows how the goals of education
have been turned upside-down.  Socialization--learning global beliefs and
values and politically correct behavior--have replaced academics as the
main outcome of education.  You may hear nice-sounding promises, but
factual learning and individual thinking are out, feelings and group
thinking are in.  If this international system is put in place by AD 2001
as planned, all children will be monitored through a national computerized
data transmission system designed to build a permanent, personal file on
every child.  No one will be safe from the watchful eyes of those who
control the new "school-to-work" system-not children taught at home or in
private schools, not their parents, not anyone.  So be informed. Learn what
you can do to help preserve our families and freedoms.

***********************************

The New Age--The Old Lie
By: Paula Demers

"America is great because America is good, and if America ever ceases to be
good, America will cease to be great." (Alexis De Tocqueville)

There will be Christian references throughout this report, as "The New Age"
is out to do away with Christians.  They have brainwashed America tothe
point that Christians are the only group in America that can be defamed.

They have a plan.  There is no way they could take over Americans (and the
world) without the brainwashing strategy they have.  We will look at how
they started slowly and systemically infiltrating every aspect of our live.
The brainwashing has picked up speed and momentum. They are on a time
schedule and have left no stone unturned. "This nation has been targeted
for a massive take over.  While our military experts are concentrating on
bombs and missiles, a different kind of battle is being waged for America's
heart and soul....a battle between two supernatural beings who seek the
devotion of man. " (Erwin W. Lutzer and John DeVries, Satan's
"Evangelistic" Strategy for this New Age)  According to the New Age Leader,
Dick Stuphen in his article "Infiltrating the New Age into Society", "One
of the biggest advantages we have as New Agers is, once the occult,
metaphysical and the New Age terminology is removed, we have concepts and
techniques that are very acceptable to the general public.  So we can
change the names....demonstrate the power, open the door to millions who
normally would not be receptive."

The New Age has been around since the beginning of time.  The old proverb
written by Solomon in Ecclesiastes 1:9 "...and there is no new thing under
the sun"  is as true today as it was in Solomon's time.   The basic belief
of eventually evolving into Godhood was first stated by the serpent in the
Garden of Eden to Eve (Genesis 3:5) " For God doth know that in the day ye
eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened and ye shall be a gods, knowing
good and evil."


WHAT IS THE NEW AGE?

The New Age is not a cult or sect.  It is the fastest growing movement in
civilized nations.  It has nothing to do with any type of organized
religion.  There are no
doctrinal beliefs, with the exception of one:  Everything opposite to
Christianity. And they have waged war against the Christians.  The best way
to describe it would be a philosophy. It is a mixture of spiritual, social
and political beliefs.  People can be part of the New Age and not even know
it, which is doubly sad, because people are advocating their own slavery
and extinction and don't even know it.

There are several types of New Agers.  Most people involved in different
aspects don't know the full impact of what they are involved with.  An
analogy of that would be most citizens of a country have no idea what their
leaders are up to.  People who are fully educated in the "spiritual" aspect
of it know their true agenda.

It is fully occult.  There are many versions of it.  The followers will
have more than enough choices of what aspect they choose to believe and not
be persecuted. They can even hold Christian values, if they believe that
it's ok if others don't hold the same values. For example, if they don't
believe abortion is an option for them, it will be tolerated, as long as
they believe that is a personal "choice" and they don't try to tell anyone
else its wrong.  It will be the only
acceptable belief in the New World Order. It will be the tolerant religion.
The combination of all beliefs: Mohammandism, Buddism, Satanism,
Christianity etc. And everyone will be required to be tolerant of every
belief and life style. They believe all paths lead to God.


Elements of the New Age philosophy have infiltrated every area of our life.
It's in major corporations, political groups, (to include the White House
where there are meditation rooms that people can go into to "meditate empty
their minds and recharge their spiritual energy"), schools, health clinics,
television, (to include commercials), movies, amusement parks, (such as
Disney), the military and especially psychology.

There is no need for a Savior.  There is no belief in a personal God.  Sin
and guilt do not exist.  No such thing as right and wrong: everyone has to
develop their own value system. They believe to take care of your own needs
first.  (Me First) That's because they believe that you will be able to
take care of others if you are happy.  Evolution is a major belief of New
Agers.  They believe that man will eventually evolve into godhood. (the
Aryan blond haired blue eyed Hitler race).  It's called the " Divine Higher
Self" which puts everyone on the same level
as God.  Reincarnation is a major belief .  They believe if you don't get
it right in
your first life, you'll come back again and again until you do.  Eventually
you'll evolve into Godhood. This helps support their belief for abortion.
If it's not meant for that baby to be born, they'll just return in another
life.

Some of the practices of New Agers are communication with the spirit world,
(they call it channelling), searching  for "new" knowledge, holistic
healing (healing of body, soul, and mind done with the use of crystals and
ones mind), out of body experiences, mediation, altered states of
consciousness, understanding the powers of the brain, human potential (a
term used consistently with New Agers),  and mysticism.  They practice
astrology, tarot cards , psychic readings and environmentalism (spiritual
connection to the earth and animals.) Some of the other beliefs and
practices are: karma, self-love, numerology, physic mind powers,
levitation, astral travel, hypnotism, shamanaism, goddess worship,
palmistry, fire worship, occult visualization, sexual licentiousness,
necromancy, astrology, evolution doctrine, occult meditation and occult
symbolism.

Crystals and pyramids are very important to New Agers because they are
believed to channel physic powers.  The cornerstone on a pyramid is said to
be the point on top.  This is interesting, because the cornerstone for any
foundation normally starts at the bottom and built up from there. And
interesting thought that they would turn the foundation upside down.

Though the name of Christ is used freely, the philosophy has very little to
do with Christianity.   (It may be out by the time you read this.)

What is the bottom line of their plan? The main Plan is to develop a One
World , New Age Religion and a one world political and social order. The
religion of the New Age will be a revival of the idolatrous religion of
ancient Babylon. (That's when mystery cults, sorcery, occultism and
immorality flourished.) The "Messiah" with his number 666, will come in the
flesh to lead the unified New Age World Religion and oversee the New World
Order.  Spirit guides will help pave the way for the New Age Messiah.  The
cries will be "world peace", "love", and unity.  Christianity and all
religions will unite, with Christian principles abandoned.  Christians, and
anyone one else who disagrees, will be killed or imprisoned so the world
may be "purified."

The sad thing is that many people who practice New Age beliefs have
absolutely no idea of what they are into.  They are good people who want
the "unity, peace and love" the New Age preaches.  This is a major
accomplishment of the New World Order.  We will be going into how they plan
to accomplish this major feat.

THE MEDIA

The media has played a major role in helping usher in the New Age.  Our
controlled media makes anyone with Christian values look like fools and
intolerant.  They will over-play the shooting of an abortion doctor, yet
barely mention the hundreds of women that are permanently damaged or killed
as the result of abortions. They have skillfully covered up all of our
present administrations' crimes.  The ones (from the liberal news) that
want to tell the truth are in hiding. In fear for their lives.The programs,
commercials and movies have done a tremendous job in desensitizing people
into accepting the New Age beliefs.

Hollywood is against Christians. It's amazing how we let these few tell us
what our values should be.  Billy Graham's movie "The Prodigal" was given a
PG rating.   The PG rating means that there is enough sex, violence or
profanity to warrant  a warning to parents.  This movie contained none of
that.  Then why the rating? "The real reason for the warning was to protect
children against a dangerous religion:'Pre-teenage children should not be
exposed to Christianity without their parents consent.'" (Your Child and
The New Age-Berit Kjos page 85)` Let a Christian speak out against a
television program they consider too violent or sex oriented and they are
accused of censorship.

Star Trek has been influencing people for over 25 years.  Gene Roddenberry,
the creator, was a fervent- New Age critic of Biblical Christianity. In an
essay he wrote for Volkswagen Corporation he states: "Those who insist
theirs is the only correct government of economic system deserve the same
contempt as those who insist that they have the only true God." (Ravaged by
The New Age, Texe Marrs page 197).

Let's take a look at what we've learned from Star Trek. (These are examples
from both series and the movies.)  The transporter beam shows that matter
and energy are interchangeable.  We've learned of the power of the mind.
Some people have the ability to read others minds and emotions.  Some can
create things with their minds.  People can be controlled by the power of
someone else mind.  We've learned that all philosophies and beliefs are ok.
The problem with a god is you never know what they want of you. People who
were dead have come back to life.  We've seen people go back in time.
We've seen them go into differentdimensions.  We've seen people "mind meld"
with each other. Traditional families are "archaic". People have actually
evolved into godhood before our eyes.  A prime directive stops people from
assisting others because they have to live out their destiny.  We've
learned mediation.  Pyramids are center pieces in recreation areas.
Crystals are used.  We've met beings with omnipotent powers.  We've seen a
conception of a baby by an unknown entity.  We've learned of the importance
of a Global leader. We've seen a cash-less society, because everyone's
needs are taken care of.  We've seen a completely new race formed by
combining man a machine which changed into an entity.

In the series "Planet of the Apes", we've seen apes become intelligent
beings.  The series shows apes coming to the same level as man was, and man
going down to the level of animals.  The whole series put men and animals
on the same level.  If it's meant to show evolution, it's off base. With
the belief of Evolution,  apes have changed from appearance of animals to
human
beings.  Telepathic powers is also used on one of the movies, along with a
group of humans that survive the nuclear holocaust praying to a bomb, like
it was a god.

Star Wars did much for the New Age. The basic belief behind the series is
Hinduism. "The Force" is the energy that holds everything together.  It's
all around, connected to everything.  The "Force" can be used for good or
evil.  It gives power to control people with weak minds.  Meditation and
levitation are a major part of learning and applying "The Force".  The
power of the mind and controlling things with the mind is used throughout
the series.  People went nuts when this series came out, waiting in line
for hours.  Watching the movies over and over again. It was a major
breakthrough for the New Agers.

DISNEY

Millions of people pass through the Disney theme parks every year.
Millions of people are educated into the New World Order.  The attractions
at Epcot are more open about their indoctrination, so we'll go through some
of them. The comment people make about Epcot is: "It's so educational while
being entertaining."

The Water Ride:  Before you go into the ride itself, in which you ride
underneath a large aquarium, you have to watch a six minute movie.  This
movie teaches you how the earth was formed. The movie begins "Try to
imagine," somewhere in the depths of space was this ball.  All of a sudden
it began to rain.  Then all of a sudden life formed in the water.  Try to
imagine. You are taught the evolution of the earth.

Imagination:  You are taken through a ride where a small purple dragon,
Figment, teaches you how to use your imagination.  Throughout the ride you
are introduced to various mystic items, crystal balls, crystals, pyramids,
ghosts, skeletons and occult symbols.

Spaceship Earth: " Spaceship Earth" is a the term used by the New Agers to
describe Earth. History of communication is the theme.  This ride is
sponsored by AT&T who is a big supporter of the New Age, and in particular,
the Gay agenda.


Horizons:  This ride has mood music in it.  The main point of this ride is
"the human potential".  The theme-"If you can dream it, you can do it."  It
shows living in space and under water.  Humans have the ability to do
anything.

Captain EO:  Portrayed by Michael Jackson, shows the evolution from
humanity into godhood.

Throughout Disney's gift shops there are New Age crystals, rainbows and
other occult items.

IT'S EVERYWHERE

I went into detail on a few ways that we are brainwashed.  But it's
everywhere, folks.  Organizations such has the YWCA (Young Women's
Christian Association) in Reno, Nevada offers courses such as Hatha Yoga,
Meditation,  Exercises for Holistic Healthand Tibertan Chanting.  You can
also get films on topics like "Towards New Communities in the New World."
This is supposed to be a Christian organization.  Doctors, psychologist and
dentists use New Age practices with their holistic healing. The
philosophies are taught in the half hour sit-coms on TV.  Commercials have
New Age symbols in them. The Sci-Fi channel has the "all seeing eye" of the
greek goddess of the rainbow, Iris, shown continuously and in different
ways between programs.  The New Agers have well planned their
indoctrination.


NEW AGERS AND THE RAPTURE

NASA'S highest level managers are deeply involved with the New Age
Religion.  According to the "Wall Street Journal" the space agency paid
$45,000 to Werner Erhard (guru of the discredited New Age training program,
EST and founder of a similar new program, The Forum) to personally train a
group of their top executives. NASA also has another project going, "The
Blue Beam Project" which will stage the "rapture".   Our taxes are paying
for our destruction.  Because this Top Secret information has come into the
hands of citizens, there are rumors that this project is off.  Don't
believe it for a minute.  Our government is known to either just change the
name or funding or anything so they can say the project is off.  They could
have changed any small part of it, and the project goes on uninterrupted.

The following information comes from: Serge Monast of  The International
Free Press

"Holographic imagery will be used in a simulation of "the ending" in which
"You are given scenes which cause collective thought which focuses on
fulfillment of that which is desired for you to protect-to fit the needs of
those adversary happenings." The result of this deliberately staged FALSE
CHRIST will be for the implementation of a New Universal religion.  Enough
truth will be foisted off on us to hook us into the lie.  I have received
threats to my life from the
office of the Prime Minister and the Vatican because I dared to unveil the
NASA "BLUE BEAM PROJECT".  This is an extremely Big Secret.

"The Project has the ability to take up a whole bunch of people as in a
rapture"type situation and whisk the whole bunch into never-never land.
The calculated resistance to the New Religion, the New World Order and the
New "Messiah" will be human loss on a massive scale in ensuing "Holy Wars".

"The "Blue Beam Project" will pretend to be the universal fulfillment of
the prophecies of old; as a major event as that which took place 2000 years
ago. In principle it will make use of the sky as a movie screen as
spaced-based laser-generating satellites project simultaneous images to the
four corners of the planet, in every language, in every dialect according
to region..it deals with the religious aspect of the NWO and is a large
scale seduction.

"Computers will coordinate the satellites and software will run the
show-and-tell.  Holography is based on very nearly identical signals
combining to produce an image, or hologram, with depth perception, which is
equally applicable to phenomenal.  Specifically, the show will consist of
laser projections of multiple  holographic images to different images
according to predominating regional/national religious faith.  Not a single
area will be excluded.

"With computer animation and sound effects appearing to come from the
depths of space, astonished followers of various creeds will witness their
own returned Messiah in spectacularly convincing life like realness.  Then,
the projections of the "Christ, of Mohammed, Buddha, Krishna etc" will
merge into one, after correct explanation of the mysteries , prophecies and
revelations will have been disclosed.  THIS ONE GOD WILL IN FACT BE THE
ANTI- CHRIST, who will explain that the various scriptures have been
misunderstood; that the religions
of old are responsible for turning brother against brother, nation against
nation;  therefore the world's religions must be abolished to make way for
the Golden Age (New Age) of the ONE WORLD RELIGION, representing the one
god (Anti-Christ in this instance) they see before them.

"Naturally, this superbly staged full scale falsification will result in
social./religious disorder on a grand scale, including millions of
programmed religious fanatics through demonic possession cases on a scale
never seen before.

"In addition, this event will occur at a time of great political anarchy
and general tumult--at the edge of something big.  The UN even now plans to
use the Beethoven Son of Joy as the official anthem for the New World
Order.

"We have been given the accepted scenario involving established prophecies,
Armageddon, the Anti-Christ and so on.  What the world does not know, and
is not given to know, is that the other UNKNOWN prophecies exist that very
accurately chart the course of human history to present day and beyond in
which is SHOWN THE DOWNFALL OF THE ANTI-CHRIST!

"Ones are known to possess this information.  Needless to say, it could
dramatically alter the course of our present civilization......"

IS THE NEW AGE LEADER ALIVE TODAY?

A New Age group called the Tara Center, led by Benjamin Creme ran a full
page AD on April 25, 1982  in 20 major newspapers around the globe (in New
York City, Washington DC, London and Paris) stating "THE CHRIST IS NOW
HERE".  His name is Lord Maitreya.  He is everybody's everything.  He's the
Christians"Christ", the Jews "Messiah", the Buddhists' "5th Buddha", the
Moslems' "Imam Mahde" .

On January 12, 1987, (five years later) the Tara Center published another
full page AD in USA Today, stating "THE CHRIST IS IN THE WORLD"   He was
described as "A great World Teacher for people of every religion and no
religion."

Maitreya is believed to be the "Messiah" by many "religious" New Agers.  At
this point only a few of his choice followers know where he is as he
prepares for his coming task. Benjamin Creme, Maitreya's forerunner, claims
that after Maitreya's takeover,  we will begin to live "as potential gods".

CONCLUSION

You have to give the New Agers Credit. They have a goal.  They have a
well-implemented plan to reach that goal.  They are staying on schedule.
Despite their diverse beliefs, they are united.  If we don't get our act
together and be as dedicated as they, who do you think will win?

© 1995 Paula Demers/Home Profits. This report may be reprinted/resold in its
entirety at the buyers discretion.  It is illegal to remove any copyright
from any publication.

************************************

Prophe-Zine News Bites

Christian Persecution in China
As first reported by UPI

Authorities in China have detained five female Christians after a brutal
crackdown on a church in northwest China in which people were beaten and
had boiling water doused on them, a newspaper reported Sunday.

As reported by The South China Morning Post, a English-language newspaper,
stated that armed police bursted into a church in Zhaosu county of Ili
Autonomous Prefecture in western Xinjiang province in mid-March. Witnesses
who told a local journalist about the incident said 12 of the 17
worshippers were released after the five women came forward to take
responsibility for the clandestine gathering.

Many of those who were in attendance were hurt in the raid.  Witnesses were
shocked with the brutality, the report said. Christians not only were
severely beaten by police, the witnesses said, but scalding water was
poured on them when they refused to follow police orders.

As reported in the story, one Christian, in her early 30s, lost her front
teeth after police repeatedly slapped her in the face.

Witnesses fear the five women, who are currently in police custody, face
harsh imprisonment or labor reform sentences for their roles in the
gathering.

Authorities have broken up other gatherings secretly staged by Christians
in Xinjiang in recent months, the report said. Xinjiang is a predominantly
Muslim region but most of the underground churches were set up by
Christians from other provinces like Henan, Hunan, Anhui and Zhejiang.

"Christianity has been getting increasingly popular in Xinjiang but there
are more crackdowns now," the Post quoted the unnamed Christian as saying.
"Very often, the moment we stepped out of the back door, the police come in
the front door."

The Chinese government exercises tight control over religious gatherings
although the constitution guarantees people the freedom to worship.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

Book Review: The Mark of the New World Order
By Ray Gano

>From time to time I advice my readers of new material out on the market
>that deals with Bible Prophecy. Well I am proud to announce that Terry
>Cook has finished his newest book "The Mark of the New World Order".
>Terry's recently published  this 720 page book which provides an
>incredible amount of documentation on all of this related cashless
>economic system technology (if you're new to this area of technology you
>will be quite stunned by how advanced it all has become -- and how rapidly
>it continues to advance). He also has a companion video tape to the book,
>in which I must also give kudos too. Terry is THE authority on this
>subject and I highly recommend both.

For  those who wish to get more informed on bio-chip implant technology
(bio-implantable authentication RF transponders). This 700 plus page book
contains about 200 pages of information on just the bio-chip subject alone.
Much of it is photo reproduction of actual company sales literature for
these products.

Here's a sample of the products covered in the book:

Texas Instruments markets the TIRIS (Texas Instruments Registration &
Identification System) which is used in a wide range of applications (some
of you may already use them on your auto for toll road authentication).
TIRIS also comes in a 19mm glass capsule bio-implant model, a programmable
hand-held reader, along with a multi-shot injector gun capable of high
speed and high volume (was designed for livestock identification needs --
which is used in the European Union countries for agriculture inventory
tracking and subsidy programs). Can encode 19 digits which in a variety of
combinations can be programmed with up to 34 billion code numbers.

Another is AVID (American Veterinary Identification Devices). It is
bio-implantable and about the size of a grain of rice. Their injector is
just a single-use simple syringe device. Can be used with a portable
hand-held reader, which can connect to a PC.

Yet another is the TROVAN PTS (Passive Transponder System). Is 11.5mm x
2.2mm, glass encapsulated. Can be used for both animate and inanimate
object identification -- can be used with a syringe implanter. Trovan
markets a number of passive transponder security card products based on
their RF transponder designs. Can program up to 1 trillion code numbers.

Widely known is the Hughes Identification Device RF/ID tag. Their
injectable transponder is the TX1400L, 11mm x 2.1mm, glass encapsulated.
Product literature says: "Although specifically designed for injecting in
animals, this transponder can be used for other applications requiring a
micro-sized identification tag."

To contact Terry Cook:

Second Coming Ministries
774 Mays Blvd., Ste. 10
Incline Village, Nevada 89451

For product ordering and speaking engagements call Terry at: 702-833-1808

Short bio:

    Terry L. Cook is a fundamentalist Christian researcher and retired Los
Angeles Deputy Sheriff, as well as a former State of California fraud
investigator/Deputy Real Estate Commissioner. He holds A.A., A.S., B.A. and
B.S. degrees. He also holds California State teaching credentials in a
variety of subjects and has completed some postgraduate study in Theology.
He is a California-liscensed airline/transport jet pilot (commercial) and
flight instructor.

    For the past six years, Mr. Cook, who is an ordained minister of the
gospel, has been investigating current events as they relate to the
fulfillment of "last days" or "end times" Bible prophecies, with an
emphasis on biometric identification technology, including smart cards and
biochip transponder implants. He is accepted widely as an authority in the
field. He is much in demand as a speaker in churches and other lecture
forums, including appearances and interviews on radio and television.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

WASHINGTON BUREAU: Terry Mattingly's religion column for 5/22/95.


WASHINGTON -- It's possible to buy a Christian slave in southern Sudan for
as little as $15.

Last year's going rate for parents who want to buy back their own kidnapped
child was five head of cattle -- about $400. A boy might cost 10 head. An
exiled leader in Sudan's Catholic Bishops Conference reports that 30,000
children have been sold into slavery in the Nuba mountains. In six years,
more than 1.3 million Christian and other non-Muslim people have been
killed in Sudan -- more than Bosnia, Chechnya and Haiti combined.

"Sudan is characterized by the total or near complete absence of civil
liberties," said activist Nina Shea, during recent Congressional Human
Rights Caucus hearings. "Individual Christians, including clergy, have over
the past few years ... been assassinated, imprisoned, tortured and flogged
for their faith."

The Sudan report went on and the leader of Freedom House's Puebla program
on religious freedom already had described horror stories from China,
Vietnam, North Korea and Pakistan. She still had to cover Saudi Arabia and
other parts of the Islamic world.

Americans are not seeing news reports about these tragedies or hearing
preachers and politicians make urgent appeals for action. But that may
change soon. An coalition of human rights activists and religious leaders
-- most of them evangelicals or, like Shea, Roman Catholics -- is working
overtime to yank this issue into daylight before the November elections.

Events at home and overseas may help. Last weekend, the South China Morning
Post reported signs that a brutal crackdown was beginning on underground
churches in northwest China. A day later, President Clinton announced that
he will renew China's most- favored-nation trading status with the United
States.

Millions of Americans can expect to hear these two issues linked on Sept.
29, when leaders in the Southern Baptist Convention and the National
Association of Evangelicals (NAE) will urge member churches to observe
"Persecution Sunday." Efforts are underway to encourage Catholic programs
at that time.

"The pope has been a great leader on issues of religious freedom -- it has
been one of the hallmarks of his papacy," said Shea. "We can expect him to
hear him speak out on this issue again. ... The issue is why the U.S.
Catholic hierarchy has been quiet."

Meanwhile, most of America's Powers That Be in government, media and
religion have looked the other way while Christians have become one of the
modern world's most persecuted minorities, said Michael Horowitz, a former
Reagan administration official who has worked frantically behind the scenes
on this issue. His passion has led him to take a stance that angers many
other Jews -- declaring that evangelicals, and to some extent Catholics,
may become in the 21st century what Jews were in the 20th century.

"Christians -- especially evangelicals -- make great demons," said
Horowitz. "Most people think of evangelicals as odd or a even threatening.
Obviously, they stand out in Communist and radical Islamic cultures and they
're not the kind of people you can buy off with money and raw power, which
are the stock in trade of thug regimes. ... Meanwhile, our own political
and media elites maintain a kind of quiet, sneering indifference, if not
hostility, toward evangelicals. ...

"But more and more Christians are getting tortured and killed for their
faith. That's the truth. I'll be damned if I'm going to sit through another
holocaust. Absolutely not. One was enough."

In January, the NAE released a blunt statement calling for specific U.S.
government actions -- beginning with President Clinton speaking out on
persecution and ending with economic
repercussions for offending regimes. One bitter complaint: State Department
and Immigration and Naturalization Service officials often shun persecuted
Christians.

Behind the scenes, talks continue with politicos working with Clinton and
challenger Bob Dole. In March, Clinton ducked out of a commitment to speak
at the NAE's convention.

"This is a chance for Clinton to reach out to some of his fiercest
critics," said Horowitz. "But it's also a can't miss opportunity for Bob
Dole. What's to lose? We'll have to see who seizes this issue first."

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Persecution Prayer
By: John Loeffler

Please remember five female Christians who were detained by Chinese
authorities after a brutal crackdown on a church in northwest China in
which people were beaten and had boiling water doused on them.  In
mid-March armed police burst into a church in Zhaosu county in western
Xinjiang province.  Many Christians were reportedly hurt in the raid.
Christians not only were severely beaten by police, but scalding water was
poured on them when they refused to follow police orders.  One Christian in
her early thirties lost her front teeth after police beat her in the face,
the report said.  There is fear the five women currently in police custody
face imprisonment or labor reform sentences for their roles in the
gathering.  Witnesses said 12 of the 17 worshippers were released after the
five women came forward to take responsibility for the clandestine
gathering.

Remember families of Christians who have been murdered in southern Mexico
and Peru.  Pressure on churches in Cuba is on the increase as well as in
China and Vietnam.  Remember Christians in prison everywhere.  Pray for
their protection both from their jailers and fellow prisoners.  Pray for
the church in Somalia and Sudan, labeled some of the worst countries for
religious persecution.

Pray for connection points everywhere around the world where Bibles are
secretly delivered or transferred.

The church in Saudi Arabia must operate in secret.  Also, the U.S.
government has prohibited worship services at the U.S. Embassy in Saudi
Arabia to please the Saudi government.  Hundreds of Saudi Protestant,
Catholics and Mormons had been worshipping there on Sundays.

John Loeffler
Steel on Steel Productions
P.O. Box 3358
Hayden, Idaho 83835-3358
Fax:  (208) 772-1652 / (800) 893-5646
Email: loeffler@iea.com

++++++++++++++++++++++++

Prime Minister's Office: Jerusalem Will Be Divided
From: Arutz Sheva News Service
Wednesday, May 22, 1996 / Sivan 4, 5756

The Prime Minister's Office has prepared a document concerning  the future
of the city of Jerusalem.  According to the document,  the geographical
boundaries of the city will increase eastward,  and the city will be
divided between Palestinian and Israeli  sovereignty. Sources in the Prime
Minister's Office have  revealed that neighborhoods bordering on the Mt. of
Olives, Abu  Dis and Azariah, will form the Palestinian capital. Israel
will  help raise financial assistance from the international community  in
order to turn the eastern sector of the city into a  Palestinian commercial
center. In addition, Palestinians will  have complete access to the holy
places in eastern Jerusalem.  Our reporter notes that a similar plan was
revealed a few weeks  ago in the eastern Jerusalem newspaper, An-Nahar.
According to  An-Nahar, this plan has already been agreed upon between
Peres  and Arafat, but will be officially published only after the
elections.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Internal Fatah Document: No Changes In Covenant
From: Arutz Sheva News Service
Wednesday, May 22, 1996 / Sivan 4, 5756

Peace Watch revealed today an internal publication issued by the  "Research
and Thought" division of Chairman Yasser Arafat's  Fatah faction of the
PLO, entitled "The Palestinian National  Covenant Between Renewal and Being
Frozen." It was published in  Ramallah at the end of April, 1996, and was
intended for the  party's internal cadres. The document declares, "The text
of the  Palestinian National Covenant remains as it was and no changes
whatsoever were made to it [at the recent session of the  Palestinian
National Council]. This has caused it to be frozen  but not annulled."
According to the authors, the Israeli demand  to amend the Covenant was in
effect a demand to issue "a  self-inflicted death certificate for the PNC
and suicide for the  PLO." Peace Watch is an independent non-partisan
monitor group  which was chosen by Israel's Foreign Ministry to monitor the
elections of the Palestinian Authority. The full text of the  Peace Watch
press release will be linked to the Arutz-7 Website  news page.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

LEFTISTS BLAST BANKERS
======================
Media Blacks Out Precedent-Setting Affair
By Warren Hough
(*The Spotlight*, 05/27/96)

Liberal and leftist groups from around the world met recently in
Washington  to  attack   free   trade,  the  World  Trade Organization, the
international  banks  and  globalism.   The meeting was blacked out by the
plutocratic media.

 +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +

In  a  tidal  wave  of  criticism,  protests  and calls to action against
"international corporate  tyranny,"  a coalition of major left-leaning
reform groups, environmental movements and consumer alliances  has
declared  war on the "unelected and unaccountable global elites whoare
seizing control of one-world governance."

A manifesto issued by participants  at the coalition's first massrally in
Washington  extolled  populist  themes.   It  denouncedinternationalists
and especially the Trilateral Commission as the
"developers"  of  corporate  globalization.   Globalization, theyinsisted,
would devastate fragile  ecologies  in the Third World,further impoverish
its  people  through  exploitation  of  cheap labor, and destroy
traditional cultures and nationalities.

It  warned that the recently established World Trade Organization (WTO)
demonstrated  the  sort  of  Rockefeller-sponsored  agency "designed to
serve as  a  global governing body for transnational corporate interests."

At the three-day convocation which opened  on  May  11,  speakers from  the
Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, Friends of the Earth, the
Center for Technology Assessment, the Sierra Club, Ralph Nader's Public
Citizen,  the  Polaris  Institute, and more than a dozen other generally
left-oriented national organizations delivered incisive  indictments  of
the  International  MonetaryFund,  the  World  Bank  and  the U.S. Federal
Reserve as "amoral enforcers of the world's worst exploiters."

                    -+- Coalition Split -+-

Experienced observers  of  the  coalition  rally,  held under the aegis of
the International Forum on Globalization, were surprised to note that
leading environmental organizations, among them  the Rainforest  Action
Network,  the  Migratory Species Project, the Network  for  Safe  and
Secure  Food  and  Environment  and  the *Ecologist Magazine* led the
attack  on  the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and other
globalist  "free  trade"  pacts log-rolled by the Clinton administration.

"Bill  Clinton  has been particularly crafty -- and successful -- in
dividing  and  confusing  the  opposition  of  these so-called Greens to
NAFTA, the WTO and other so-called 'free trade' deals," explained Mark
Dowie,  a  scholar  who  is  writing  a  book  on environmental protection
for the M.I.T. Press.

But  when  Carl  Pope,  the  youthful  executive  director of the 600,000
member Sierra Club,  rose  to  deliver one of the keynote speeches of the
symposium, he  left  no  doubt  about  where  his movement stood now.

"The  Sierra  Club  has  spent  more  money running newspaper ads
criticizing NAFTA than  any  other  topic  in  its history," Pope said.  In
spite of all that, the  ill-conceived  trade  pact  was adopted.

What  this  means  is  that "Pat Buchanan deserves a more serious look,"
Pope  declared.   "In  this  year's  campaign  he ended up challenging
globalization,   confronting   the   World    Trade Organization,
lamenting  the increasing inequality of incomes in our society, and
challenging  the  role of Wall Street financiers in shaping our futures."

In response, the "international capitalist-connected wing of  the
Republican Party led by George Will read him out of the party and rallied
the conservative, the socially conservative, wing of the Republican party
around Bob  Dole,  and  that  was the end of Pat Buchanan's presidential
challenge," Pope related.

What we should note, Pope said, is that Buchanan's campaign began with
"locally rooted cultural themes that led him  inevitably  to challenge
globalization" as an ideology and as a strategy.

The  strategy  suggests that despite the Clinton administration's
enthusiasm for "free trade and despite the adoption of NAFTA, the global
economy is not really inevitable."

Many of the global  economy's  most powerful promoters, and "some of its
top advocates and beneficiaries understand  this,"  argued Pope.  "They
know that the global economy is far from inevitable, and they are quite
nervous, quite anxious, perhaps even petrified that the world may wake up
and realize this."

But  if  globalization is not the predestined wave of the future, Pope
asked, "Why does  it  seem so irresistible, so overwhelming, and why is the
public dialogue that surrounds it so one-sided" -- that is, slanted in
favor of free trade?

The reason -- at least one key reason -- Pope explained, is  that "we  have
allowed  the advocates of free trade -- the economists and their allies
and  those  who  profit  from  it -- to capture, redefine and appropriate
our language."

By taking over terms such as "conservative" ("'Conservatives  are for  free
trade,'  we  read  all the time") and "liberal" (as in "trade
liberalization," a term  that suggests globalization means
more freedom) or even "common market," a  concept  implying  that
international  commerce  will  create new communities for people, the
globalists have  subverted  all  meaningful  debate over free trade and
one-world elites, Pope argued.

                  -+- Fight For The Mind -+-

One of the most important things that Americans must do now is to recapture
the  real  sense  of  such  concepts,  especially  the genuinely positive
meaning  of  the  words  "protectionism"  and "conservatism" urged Pope.

Evidence   that   not  just  the  meaning  but  the  politics  of
protectionism and populism are  gaining favor among "progressive"
organizations long dominated by leftist notions of "international
cooperation" emerged from talks and debates held during  the  two days of
meetings and panel discussions following Pope's address.

"Whether  our  main concern is the national economy or the global ecology,
we are staring  catastrophe  in the face," said Jean-Luc Jouvet of
Greenpeace.  "I used to attend the [annual] meetings of the World Bank
where we heard dulcet expressions of  concern  for the world's poor and its
wildlife."

"They  were  lies,"  he  added.   "There  is no way any of us can ignore
that reality now."

Ralph Nader, head  of  the  Public  Citizen alliance, perhaps the most
eagerly awaited speaker of  the  conference,  cancelled  his appearance
with the explanation that bad weather had closed down Washington's
airports.

Lori Wallach, director  of  Public  Citizen's Global Trade Watch,
represented his group.  She delivered a sharp indictment  of  the
administration's  "free  trade  frenzy"  and  of  its most recent spawns,
NAFTA and WTO.

"NAFTA's effects have not just fallen short of expectations; they turned
out to  be  the  exact  opposite  of its promise," Wallach declared.  "It
would be one thing if it had not  hit  the  bull's eye  or  even the
target.  But we can see now that NAFTA has shot us in the leg."

To  document  her  indictment,  Wallach  noted  that  "instead of creating
200,000 new jobs, as promised, NAFTA has led to the loss of 600,000 U.S.
jobs so far."

Moreover, American workers who were not fired "saw  the  sharpest drop  in
real  hourly  wages  on record during the first year of NAFTA," she added.

In Mexico, where NAFTA was promoted as the catalyst of a business boom,
it   has   generated   instead   "deteriorating  economic conditions,
political instability,  growing  despair  and  rising social tensions,"
Wallach confirmed.

The  WTO,  which was created to replace the old General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade  (GATT)  at 1993's negotiating session known as the
Uruguay Round, has turned out to be an  equally  insidious instrument of
globalized plunder, asserted Wallach.

WTO's  broad new powers over commerce will "override the domestic tax,
health, food, product safety  and anti-pollution laws of the U.S.," Wallach
explained.

This so-called free-trade pact will replace the  World  Bank  and the
International  Monetary  Fund  "as the principal enforcer of global
financial interests," she predicted.

As recently as five  years  ago,  "many  of  the people here were dreamy
internationalists of one sort or  another,"  said  Willard Smith   of  the
Machinists  and  Aerospace  Workers  Union,  who represented the AFL-CIO at
the conference.

"But what  we  have  seen  of  NAFTA,  the  WTO and international financial
speculation has been a rough wake-up call,"  he  added. "We  will not just
take a serious second look at Pat Buchanan, as Carl [Pope] said:  I think
quite a few of us will vote for him in the fall."

You may be unable to find  The Spotlight at your local library or news
dealer.  To subscribe, phone 1-800-522-6292 (Maryland 1-301- 951-6292).
Note that  I  have  no  personal  connection  to  The Spotlight   nor  am
I  compensated  by  them.   I  also  neither necessarily agree nor disagree
with  either  all or parts of the views expressed in The Spotlight.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The UN and "Human Rights."
From: The New American

For the sixth consecutive year, the UN Human Rights Commission in Geneva
as declined to censure Communist China for the documented abuses of its
itizens. By a vote of 27 to 20, the 53-nation commission refused even to
ebate a tepid resolution offered by the United States and the European
nion which expressed mild criticism for the Chinese regime's brutalities
gainst its subjects.

China's ambassador to the United Nation's, Wu Jianmin, triumphantly rebuked
ritics of his government: "Confrontation is a Cold War syndrome. Now the
old War is over, why are these people still clinging to Cold War thinking?
t is a blasphemy of human rights."

Source: The New American
	Insider Reports
	June 10, 1996

Subscription: 1-800-727-TRUE

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Editor Note: Once again we see how people are being forced to undergo
Mental Rehab. How soon will it be before Christians are deemed mentally
unfit for society?

E-mail zaps back at FORCED ELECTROSHOCK! [DENDRITE]
from: Support Coalition <dendron@efn.org -- REDISTRIBUTE!

Clinton Administration Staff Have Finally Responded To Internet Campaign
About "Forced Electroshock"

You Can Receive Their Update By E-Mailing That Staff

You're A Push Button Away From Zapping Back At Forced Shock


Finally, five months after it was promised -- because of action by people
on the Internet -- an agency in the Clinton Administration has e-mailed a
response to an e-mail campaign opposing federal backing of FORCED
electroshock.

That's right FORCED electroshock! Here in the USA!

And in a few seconds YOU can do something about it, simply be forwarding
the memo at the BOTTOM. (If you've already done this, please edit that memo
to demand further action.)

So Send That Memo At The Bottom Of This Alert *Now*, And Copy This Alert To
Others On The Internet!!

For those who also want further background, here it is:

Your tax payment this April 15th occasionally pays for elder women to
receive FORCED electroshock (also known as electroconvulsive therapy or
E.C.T.) against their expressed wishes! Documentation is available from
Support Coalition, an independent international human rights alliance:
<dendron@efn.org

For more than a year, the Clinton Administration has promised in writing to
do a "Review" about these atrocities, but has done little.

In fact, for the past five months they promised to e-mail out a description
of their promised "Review," but did not.

In the past few weeks, these DENDRITE human rights alerts electrified a
storm of Internet inquiries from American citizens. There are 500 concerned
people on DENDRITE, and they have alerted thousands more. Finally the
government responded last week.

Well, sort of. Further action must be taken.

The Clinton Administration just reassigned the issue to a new person, for
the third time.  At least this time it's in Policy and Planning, instead of
Public Relations! And they are -- once more -- promising to welcome input
from mental health consumers and psychiatric survivors. Until now the
Clinton Administration even excluded their very own Consumer Affairs
Specialist from this "Review"!!!

Unfortunately, even before their "Review" has begun, their e-mailed update
is claiming that little or nothing can be done. That's been their standard
line for a year and it is totally false.

One example: Their e-mail claims that Medicare only has the power to cut
checks, not police human rights violations. Actually, the Health Care
Finance Administration (HCFA) which oversees Medicare/Medicaid is currently
taking a hands-on approach to challenging abuses such as over-use of
restraints and psychiatric drugging of elders in nursing homes. That's just
one example.

Uncle Sam does not have to be a helpless giant when it comes to taxpayers
paying for forced torture of elder Americans!

Get their e-mail update yourself, find out what it says, and show you are
out there watching:

     HERE'S HOW -- IT'S EASY AND TAKES JUST A FEW SECONDS:

     1. Delete everything down to the ++line++ at the bottom.

     2. Fill in the "from" space in the MEMO at the bottom with your name &
e-mail address.

     3. Then forward the memo to the 4 e-mail addresses listed!

If you want, add your own personal comments -- but please be civil, we need
to keep this campaign's dignity.

NOTE: If you have already received that government update, please edit the
memo below to respond, and say that you want *MORE* action, *NOW*. Copy
your response to Support Coalition: <dendron@efn.org

For further information on electroshock, check out and link to Support
Coalition's web site, which has a recently-added list of web resources:
http://www.efn.org/~dendron/

Especially for those not on the web, sign up for Support Coalition's free
low-volume one-way Internet mailing list. E-mail: <majordomo@efn.org with
just these two words in the body of message: subscribe dendrite

Consider further actions -- such as calling/visiting your Congressional
office, joining Support Coalition, etc. These Congressional contacts are
really picking up and are very important -- ask how you can easily take
part now! E-mail Support Coalition's main office: <dendron@efn.org

THANK YOU for taking a moment to forward the memo BELOW.

    * * * * * * *   SNOWBALL  THIS  MESSAGE!   * * * * * * *
      COPY E-MAIL POST COPY E-MAIL POST COPY E-MAIL POST
                            DENDRITE 23.email end


HERE'S HOW TO E-MAIL TO THE FOUR CLINTON ADMINISTRATION STAFF,
AND DIRECTLY RECEIVE THEIR E-MAIL UPDATE ON "FORCED ELECTROSHOCK":

1. DELETE EVERYTHING *ABOVE* THE ++LINE++ JUST BELOW HERE.

2. FILL IN THE "FROM" BLANK SPACE IN THE BELOW MEMO
   WITH *YOUR* NAME & E-MAIL ADDRESS.

3. THEN FORWARD THE MEMO TO THESE 4 USA GOVERNMENT E-MAIL ADDRESSES:

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
NCHAVEZ@SAMHSA.GOV
BARONS@SAMHSA.GOV
BKUNKEL@SAMHSA.GOV
PDELVECC@SAMHSA.GOV

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

                          M   E   M   O

TO:     Nelba Chavez, Ph.D., Administrator <NCHAVEZ@SAMHSA.GOV
          Substance Abuse & Mental Health Services Administration/DHHS
        Bernie Arons, Director <BARONS@SAMHSA.GOV
          Center for Mental Health Services/SAMHSA/DHHS
        Brenda Kunkel, Staff <BKUNKEL@SAMHSA.GOV
          Office of Policy & Planning, CMHS/SAMHSA/DHHS
        Paolo DelVecchio, Consumer Affairs Specialist
          <PDELVECC@SAMHSA.GOV
          Office of Consumer, Family & Public Info, CMHS/SAMHSA/DHHS


FROM:   ___________


RE:     KEEP ME UPDATED ABOUT STOPPING FORCED ELECTROSHOCK!


Please e-mail to me the most recent update concerning what your agency is
doing about federal funding and sanctioning of forced electroshock of
Americans against their expressed wishes.

According to an alert on the Internet, your update was publicly e-mailed on
April 2, 1996. Please e-mail this to me.

Also, please keep me in touch with future e-mail updates.

According to reports, the U.S. Dept. of Health & Human Services promised in
writing more than a year ago that your agency would conduct a review. These
reports state that the most typical recipient of forced electroshock is an
elder woman.

Does your agency even acknowledge that a problem exists?

Exactly what steps have been taken to address this problem?

What plans are there to solve it?

What is the timeline?

Who is involved in the process?

In the name of liberty, how can these atrocities continue?

I request that a response be e-mailed directly to me immediately, and that
I be kept in touch by e-mail with any progress on this promised federal
"Review" on force and fraud in electroshock.

+++++++++++++++++++++

HARD LABOR FOR REFUSING DNA SAMPLE

Editors Note: This is interesting because what it does is slowly setting
presidence to harshly punish those who do not accept a ID system. In
Revelations we read that many will loose thier head for Christ as martars.



     SCOTT AIR FORCE BASE, ILL - An Air Force sergeant was demoted and
sentenced to 14 days of hard labor for refusing to give a blood and saliva
sample for a DNA registry designed to help identify servicemen's remains.

     Tech-Sgt. Warren Sinclair, 33, of Hampton, VA, became the third
serviceman this year to be convicted with a court-martial for disobeying an
order to provide such samples.

     Sinclair had claimed that the requirement violated his Fourth
Amendment protection against unreasonable search and seizure. He also
declared. "It is our God-given right to maintain possession of our genes."

     He contended that the Pentagon did not have adequate safeguards to
prevent the DNA from being used for other purposes than the identification
of remains. Prosecutors disputed that.

     Some experts have warned that genetic information that can indicate
whether someone is susceptible to certain diseases could be used to deny
people insurance or employment.

      Sinclair was demoted two ranks and sentenced to hard labor without
confinement by the military Judge who found him guilty. He could have
received a bad-conduct discharge, six months confinement at hard labor and
forfeiture of two-thirds of his pay.

      In closing, prosecutors warned Sinclair was a threat to military
discipline.

     The Pentagon began ordering genetic samples in 1993. It now has more
than 1 million samples.

     Dr. Paul Thillings of Stanford University's medical school testified
that the program could not guarantee a serviceman's DNA would not be used
for other purposes. But he acknowledged under cross-examination that he
knew of no instances of misuse by the Pentagon.

Casper (WY) Star-Tribune
May 11, 1996

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Bilderberg--The Financial  And Political Elite Of The World--To Meet
Secretly In Toronto
By: Trlsha Katson
202-546-3645/Fax:202-546-4583

Will Major Media Again Black Out Conference?

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

WASHINGTON -- The highest level of the global financial and political
elite, the Bilderberg, will meet May 30-June 2 to secretly make economic
and political plans profoundly impacting the future of Americans and the
worldwide population. The major media in the U.S. is expected to black  out
the event as it has In the past.

The Bilderberg, named after the hotel in Holland where the powerful  group
has deliberated, will meet at the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
Leadership Center on the outskirts of King City, a Toronto suburb. The
CIBC Center has been dubbed "the Bohemian Grove of Canada" after the
California retreat frequented by financial and political elites.

Global control of the air, water and public health will be discussed at the
meeting, as well as the possible multi billion dollar sale of the Canadian
government-owned utility Ontario Hydro, producer and distributor of
electricity, according to informed sources.

A primary subject of concern is expected to be the escalating attack on
world planning organizations by liberals, an entirely unwelcome development
for Bilderberg. About 50 leftist groups held a  conference in Washington
May 10-12 directed against international banks and economic globalization.
Leading liberal environmentalists, economists and activists from around
the  world spoke.

High officials of the White House. State and Defense Departments, former
heads of state, and bankers and industrialists involved in international
finance  capitalism, attend Bilderberg meetings each year. Decisions are
later implemented  as economic and political policy by world leaders.

Each year the mainstream press blacks out news of Bilderberg conferences.
Prominent representatives of the electronic and newsprint media, including
the  major TV networks, The New York Times, and Katharine Graham of The
Washington Post, have attended past meetings but have been sworn to
secrecy.

Since 1976 only one national newspaper--the populist newsweekly,  The
SPOTLIGHT--has annually reported on Bilderberg meetings.

"If 120 film stars or sports celebrities were to spend three days behind
locked,  guarded closed doors, members of the press would break their necks
trying to  find out what was going on," said investigative reporter Jim
Tucker, who has  covered Bilderberg meetings for The SPOTLIGHT for the last
20 years.  "Why  then no curiosity when 120 of world's most powerful men
and women gather  under cover of darkness and in secret?"

"If Bilderberg is doing good, and not evil, it should enjoy the sunshine
instead of  seeking out the dark corners of the world in which to hide,"
said Vince Ryan,  chairman of the Board of Policy of Liberty Lobby,
publisher of The SPOTLIGHT.

In 1995, Bilderberg attendees met atop a high mountain containing three
huge  luxury hotels in Burgenstock, Switzerland, arriving and departing by
helicopter from  the Zurich airport. Participants were guarded by the Swiss
army, police, their private security and attack dogs.

The Trilateral Commission, which shares interlocking leadership with the
Bilderbergers, recently met in Vancouver, British Columbia. Both groups
oppose the  rising tide of nationalism In the U.S. and Europe, and are
working to complete a  common currency for the European Union. This will
help establish a European  superstate to gain momentum for an American
Union and Asian-Pacific Union. These steps are critical to the groups' goal
of world government.

In 1991, Bilderberg threw its support behind Bill Clinton--a member of both
groups--for president. Clinton attended the 1991 Bilderberg conference
(held in  Baden-Baden, Germany) when he was then a little-known governor of
Arkansas.

Trisha Katson
202-546-3945/Fax:202-546-4583
THE SPOTLIGHT
300 lNDEPENDENCE AVENUE S.E.
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20003







