Prophe-Zine
Issue #7


Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........


Raymond Gano..............	Welcome to Issue #7
Texe Marrs........Fascist Terror Stalking America
Richard Stauch...........The End Times
Keith Wilkerson.........Will they outlaw evangelism next?
Sid Roth................ The Second Coming Of Messiah Jesus
Freeman Ministries ....The New World Order or a world out-of-order?
Author Unknown......Anti-Semitism & Revision Theology
Prophe-Zine News Bites..... Assorted authors and news services
Rudy Hulstrom.........      New Age News
Cool Christian Resources plus some cool web sites


Special thanks:

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine  will be published (up loaded), on
the 15th of each month.

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine


Statement of Faith


THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in

 Matthew 28:19:
                          "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

In His service,

Ray Gano


The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine

Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1995 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Certain products, titles, and services mentioned are trademarks of their
respective owners. Apple, Mac, and Macintosh are registered trademarks of
Apple Computer, Inc. Prophe-Zine is not affiliated in any way with Apple
Computer, Inc.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from
the author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial
purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, MacDraw Pro, Color-It, JPEGview, Popcorn, OnLine Bible
KJV 2.1, plus any other freeware that I can get my hands on to fill up the
hard drive and use up even MORE RAM (needs 8 more megs, those graphics are
killing me)

OOPS.... I Forgot

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine  articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!


********************************************************

Welcome to issue #7

Hello all. I want to take this time to thank you for downloading
Prophe-Zine. Prophe-Zine is a monthly "E" zine that deals with Bible
Prophecy and World Events. In this issue we will be taking a look at the
signs of the times in these days that we live in.

This has been a pretty interesting last month. Israel and the PLO have
signed a peace treaty (again). The interesting fact about this treaty is
that the PLO will maintain all religious sites AND will allow Jews and
Christians unlimited access to these sites. Now this is the interesting
thing, will this treaty allow the Jews access to the Temple Mount? If they
do, will the Jewish people rebuild the temple?

Also in San Francisco the Gorbachav Foundation has been hard at work. They
have just hosted a meeting to find out how they will lead the world now
that there in no more cold war to worry about. Are we on our way to a One
World Government under the leadership of our "friend" Gorby?

Another thing that happened this last month was Ross Perot announcing that
United We Stand America is now a official third political party.
Hhhhhmmmm.....So what does this do for the election. In the Wall Street
Journal on 9/26/95 there was a article stating that the people who want
Bill Clinton as President the most are the Republicans. With him in office,
they would have someone to blame (scapegoat).

This next Presidential election is going to be very interesting indeed. I
find it interesting that Israel, Russia and other countries are also having
their election in 1996. In Israel they are having to deal with a very
"Liberal" administration. Israel, like here in the US, the conservative
movement is really starting to grow. In Russia they are dealing with a VERY
weak leader (7% of the populace approve of Yeltsen). The World is looking
for a strong leader to lead them. The world we live in is willing to give
almost anything to have that leader. If we are offered a strong leader in
1996, it would be very hard not to follow him. Look for that leader on the
horizon riding a white horse and carrying a bow shouting Peace, Peace.

So are we coming down to the wire here? Like HELLO!!!! I can not get up
anymore and watch the news and NOT see something dealing with the end of
the age. Talk about birth pangs.....Weird weather, Volcanoes, Mutant
illness, Off the wall religions, Weak leaders, Murder, Sick sex
practices...I mean I can go on and on. I have the feeling that it is not
going to get any better any time soon either. I tell you this, I am getting
to the point that I wish our Lord would just hurry up and beam us up. The
only thing that I know keeping  me here is the knowledge that SO many
people have still not heard the Good News about our Lord. I get up every
day and put on that armor.

I really praise the Lord for being so good to us. I have to admit to that
I would not want to live in any other time. We are very privileged that we
live in these days and are allowed to witness the things happening at the
end of this age. To see our Lord working every day. You can not get up and
not say that there is not a God in Heaven. His own word is coming true
DAILY.

Shout it for the mountains MARANATHA!!!! Shout it from the tops of the
buildings MARANATHA!!!!  Shout it in the streets MARANATHA!!! Our Lord is
coming soon and getting ready to take us home! Remember that we serve a
great and loving God, and if you follow Him, you are guaranteed the "E"
ticket ride of your life.

In His service,

Ray

ray673@best.com
Raymond673@aol.com
gano@eworld.com


*******************************************************

FASCIST TERROR STALKING AMERICA
by: Texe Marrs


"Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth, and been wanton; ye have
nourished your hearts, as in a day of slaughter. Ye have condemned and
killed the just; and he doth not resist you." (James 5:5-6)

Although a vile and wicket man, he was elected to high office by the
constitutional vote of a free people in a democratic country. However, this
ungodly schemer  realized that only a dramatic act of chaotic evil could
catapult him toward total dictatorial power.  Therefore, this national
leader secretly ordered the tragic firebombing of a federal building.  It
was a brilliant and diabolical move.

Craftily, he blamed the fiery carnage on his enemies and cleverly inflamed
public opinion against them by deft use of the media.  The national leader
ordered law enforcement into action. Promptly they arrested an innocent
man, disingenuously planted evidence to frame him, and smugly announced to
the nation that a terrorist guilty of the firebombing was in custody. Swift
justice would be his lot and the death penalty meted out, the national
leadership assured the frightened and, by now, angry masses.

However, law enforcement authorities warned that the arrested terrorist
was, in fact, only one of many participants in a broader, national
conspiracy of anti-government plotters.  These men and women, the
government and the media explained, are professed "enemies of the state."
What's more, if their bloody terrorist acts are to be prevented in the
future, the people must now agree to give up some of their liberties in
exchange for security.

Law and order, and respect for government, the national leader explained,
will have to be the prime objective of the day. New, wide-ranging,
anti-terrorist legislation must quickly be enacted. Constitutional
prohibitions against illegal search and seizure must be relaxed.  The
federal government must be granted extraordinary investigative and police
powers.  Only this, he counseled, will enable federal law enforcement to
put an end to these mad terrorists, these shameless enemies of government.

Some, of course, opposed this massive increase in government police power.
But the national leader was not deterred.  He cagily hinted that anyone who
opposed the government's plan were "haters of humanity," accomplices to the
bombing of the federal building; they, too, he said, are social and
religious pariahs, aliens to law and order.

"We must purge the nation of this dark evil" trumpeted the national leader
of this great democratic country. "Tighter gun control and firearms laws
are necessary.  Hate crime legislation is required.  The negative,
anti-government critics must be curbed--the voices of hatred and
divisiveness must be silenced."

"Extremists who would overthrow the government and who defame its
institutions must not find a safe haven ever again," said the increasingly
popular national leader.

The people of the nation applauded. "Yes, everything will be set right by
our national leader," they reasoned.  "Our elected leader knows the best
way. The anti-government protesters are, indeed, haters and anarchists.
Riff-raff. They must be harshly dealt with, the sooner the better."

"Yes, they roared and echoed in unison. "More national police are needed.
More and more laws restricting our constitutional rights should be passed.
In fact, we demand more power be given to the government and to our
national leader! After all, it is he who deeply loves us and feels our
pain. It is he who wants only to protect us. He would never lie to us.  We
trust him. Let us, therefore, use our federal police powers to destroy our
enemies, these terrorists, these horrible, firebombing fanatics."

A TALE OF TWO CITIES

The above is a true story. Indeed, it is, to use a Charles Dickens'
phrase, A Tale of Two Cities.

On February 27, 1933, Adolf Hitler, Germany's constitutionally elected
leader, secretly ordered the firebombing of Berlin's Reichstag--a federal
building roughly equivalent to our own nation's U.S. Capitol.  The public
outcry inevitably resulted in the dictatorial empowerment of the federal
government.  The SS Gestapo was created, and a hugely popular leader, Adolf
Hitler, assumed virtually complete, totalitarian authority.

The people of Germany had gladly given up their constitutional rights and
freedoms to a megalomaniac whom they unswervingly revered and trusted.  He
spoke flatteries to them.  He was for good and against evil.  He felt their
pain and soothed their suffering.
Germany and the whole world entered a dark era of despair, horror, and
death. Some 50 million perished in the flames of World War II and in
concentration camps.  And it all started with the clandestine torching of a
single federal building!

HE WHO FORGETS THE PAST

As Santayana once said, "He who forgets the past is doomed to repeat it."
And so, on April 19, 1995, a federal building was firebombed in Oklahoma
City.  Bill Clinton, no doubt fully aware of Hitler's fantastic success
with the same, outrageous scheme six and one-half decades prior, moved fast
to follow in the Nazi fuhrer's footsteps. Clinton's own, Himmler-type
agent, FBI Director Louis Freeh, in a speech in Oklahoma City, ranted about
"enemies of the state" and "haters of humanity." (Yes, he actually used
those very terms!)

Clinton's own, Hell-like agent, Attorney-General Janet Reno, arrogantly
goose-stepped forward to the podium to announce that a mad bomber, though
just one cog in a nationwide, terrorist conspiracy, had promptly been
arrested. Once convicted, said Ms. Reno, the evil Mr. Timothy McVeigh would
pay the maximum penalty--death.

The American people, as the Germans before them, seem more than eager to
oblige Clinton and his henchmen in their lust-filled grab for the ultimate
in governmental power and authority.  The media have assured the ignorant
and trusting masses that Bill Clinton and his lovely wife, Hillary, would
never lie to us. "Father" Bill and "Mother" Hillary adore and love our
little children.  Indeed, they love all of us. The government is only here
to help you. Only believe...and you will remain safe and secure in your
comfortable cocoons out in suburbia.

But distrust our national leader, they caution, and we will smash you.
Criticize Big Brother, Big Sister, and their police state, and you may end
up on the receiving end of an IRS or FBI investigation. Or worse.

THE NEW FASCISTS ARE LIKE THE OLD FASCISTS

It is fair to say that Bill Clifton is, in fact, a fascist. A fascist is a
strange, hybrid creature who combines the most effective--and most
virulent--strains of both Nazism and Communism. The fascist believes in a
totalitarian government, but one ruled behind the scenes by a wealthy
elite, such as the CFR and Trilateral Comission clique. The fascist
despises God for he believes himself to be divine.  The fascist deceitfully
uses and manipulates the masses. From the rich he privately obtains his
awesome power. From the deluded people he obtains his authority, which he
wields with cruel and terrible effectiveness.

Yes, Bill Clinton is a fascist. And today it is the fascists who stalk
America. The modern-day fascist tyrants, however, have not changed much
from those of the past. Bill Clinton, like Hitler and Mussolini before him,
tells outrageous lies. He lies about what really happened in Waco, and he
cynically uses the Oklahoma City tragedy to arouse Public fear and incite
public anger toward perceived "enemies." Mr. Clinton manipulates this fear
and anger to achieve the hidden agenda of the Illuminati elite: the
granting of dictatorial police powers and the setting aside of our nation's
Bill of Rights.

In London's Daily Telegraph newspaper, historian John Keegan recently
penned an article under the title, "Who Says a Hitler Could Never Happen
Again?"  Keegan observed, "People...cannot tolerate chronic insecurity.
They crave civil peace almost as much as they need food. If denied it, they
will give their loyalty to anyone who can assure it; they will also
sanction any measures this Leviathan---as Hobbes called this bringer of
security--deems necessary to restore order."

"Hitler's genius," Keegan continues, "was for playing on the fears and
anxieties of ordinary men and women" who, frightened and desperate for
order, agreed "to the whole apparatus of social control that Hitler
installed, when he achieved power---with their votes."

Keegan points out that the people, feeling themselves under pressure from
a "collection of terrorists, fanatics, and criminals, assented to police
state tactics, deprivation of civil rights, imprisonment without trial,
judicial murder, and, eventually, mass extermination of the enemies of the
people."

To those who say it couldn't happen today, now with an enlightened media,
Keegan responds by reminding us that, in fact, the media were the greatest
promoters of Nazi Fascism and were among the warmest advocates of Adolf
Hitler's totalitarian program. "Hitler's real genius," says Keegan, "was in
public relations... The German press, radio, and cinema applauded the Nazi
assault on 'anti-social and criminal elements' every step of the way."

And so we return again to 1995, to Bill Clinton, and to an anxious and
fearful America. Clinton's unconstitutional agenda, as was Hitler's, is
applauded by the media.  Even the gassing and burning to death of the 17
children inside the Branch Davidian compound in Waco is described as a
righteous act by an honest and virtuous President and Attorney-General. The
German people had their Reichstag.  The Americans now have their Oklahoma
City. Apparently, the devil never changes  his ways, and neither do his
fascists agents here on planet Earth.

WHO PROFITS?

No one but an insane saint--or a scheming totalitarian--would have
participated in or applauded the Oklahoma City bombing. Who, then, did
profit from this otherwise senseless act of sheer terror? You know, and I
know, the answer. In a manner frighteningly reminiscent of Josef Stalin's
purges in Soviet Russia and Hitler's propagandistic, Nazi era, Bill
Clinton, Janet Reno, and their totalitarian comrades are cynically using
this tragedy to demand special, dictatorial police powers.

How disgustingly convenient, how cruelly perfect, how devilishly
advantageous to the long-cherished agenda of Bill Clinton and his New World
Order superiors was htis monstrous firebombing and massacre in Oklahoma
City! Truly, God's Word is astute, for we read in Proverbs 8:36: "All they
that hate me love death."

                                             ENEMIES OF THE STATE

Both the government and the media agree: certain, designated "enemies must
be stopped.  Federal law enforcement agencies, we are told, must be given
the maximum authority to shut the mouths of the dissidents.  Republicans
and Democrats alike in Congress seem determined to give to federal
authorities dictatorial tools to end what the media describes as "the
threat to public security posed by dangerous, anti-government factions."

America is being told that so-called "extremist, right-wing" groups must
be thoroughly investigated, even if they are not suspected of actual
crimes. For the good of the nation, they must be confronted with
far-reaching, police state tactics.  Among the extremist groups identified
by the media and the government as threats to national security are the
following.  Look and see if you or someone you know could be on Big
Brother's enemy hit list.  Check to see if you are a designated "enemy of
the state:"

*  PRO-LIFERS,   who oppose abortion, all of whom, the government
    and media claim, are guilty of a national conspiracy to firebomb abortion
    clinics and murder abortion doctors.

*  CHRISTIAN FUNDAMENTALISTS,  especially those who believe in a
    coming apocalypse, a literal Armageddon, the last days' rise of Mystery
    Babylon, and the Imminent return of Jesus Christ.

*  CONSPIRACY THEORISTS,  especially those who warn of a "New World Order"
    or who criticize the United Nations.

*  Farmers and ranchers, because they oppose the "wisdom" of new environmental
    regulations and the government's management of their lands and
homesteads. ( Of
    course, only the little farmers and ranchers are threats--the big,
"agribusiness" titans
    are government-approved .

*  INTERNET AND FAX USERS,  because they are supposedly guilty of spreading
    so-called "hate" messages by computer and over the fax lines.

*  GUN OWNERS,  villified because they allege that the Second Amendment to the
    constitution guarantees to the citizenry "the right to keep and bear
arms." This, we
    are told, is a dangerous and inflammatory idea.

*  MILITIA MEMBERS,  Targeted because they expose the heinous and murderous
     acts perpetrated by the FBI and BATF in Waco, things that the media
and the
     government prefer the American people not find out.

*  CONSERVATIVE TALK SHOW HOSTS, because they provide forums where the

  enslaved working classes, American patriots, biblical Christians, and
other anti-New
  World Order voices stir up discontent and distrust of Big Brother
government--which,
  of course, is a decide no-no as far as the elitists are concerned.

*  TAX PROTESTERS,  because they simply don't understand that it is a
"good thing"
     for our friends at the IRS to exercise such massive and
unconstitutional police
     powers over the suffering and ever more paying citizenry. (How else
can we pay for
     the police state, for all those much-needed government welfare
programs, and for all
     that foreignaid?)

*  CONSTITUTIONALISTS, because of their unacceptable belief that the wording
     of the Bill of Rights is to be taken literally. Constitutionalists
are also said to be
     extreme because they oppose the New World Order and warn of a coming, one
     world government system which would make obsolete the need for our
"old and
     antiquated" national Constitution.

*  TENTH AMENDMENT ADVOCATES:  Especially to be watched and beaten down
     are those who believe in the Tenth Amendment, which states that those
powers not
     specifically delegated to the federal government, "are reserved to
the states or to
     the people." This, say the media and the politicians in Washington,
D.C., is a
     disturbing and revolutionary notion!

*  PATRIOTS, because they cherish the "Old America"--the land that once
belonged to
    the brave and the free, before today's socialist rot set in.

*  ARMED FORCES PERSONNEL,  because they despise their "heroic," draft-dodging,
    U.S. military-loathing, Commander-in-chief, Bill Clinton. These men
and women
    oppose PDD-25, the government's directive to turn over command of the U.S.
    Military forces to United Nations' controllers.  Many uniformed
personnel are also
    "America  Firsters," and this presents a roadblock to the glorious,
soon coming New
     Age of one-worldism.

*  RIGHT-WING EXTREMISTS,  All of the people in the above categories, plus
many more "anti-government' agitators--for example, home schoolers,
objectors to homosexual conduct, etc.--are lumped together and labeled as
"right-wing extremists." The nation is being encouraged to distrust,
investigate, watch, despise, and quarantine these terrible people.

STAND UP FOR TRUTH!

In fact, there is probably not one, tender-hearted member of any of the
groups described above who would not have sacrificed his or her own life in
a brave effort to prevent the Oklahoma City tragedy. My friends, do not
allow the savage forces of a scheming elite to trample on the constitution
of the United States and to defame and persecute good and innocent people
who believe in God and country. Stand up and be counted!

And please, always remember: it is not necessary to use bullets and bombs.
True Christians would never return evil with evil. Let the Clintonista
rabble-rousers and the power-hungry government agents employ lies and
unleash waves of bloody violence and destruction.  The only weapon we
need--and how mighty is it!--is the Truth.  The Word of God is mightier
than the sword! Preach with conviction. Tell the Truth to as many people as
you can. Get the facts out. Speak boldly; do not faint or grow weary.

Most important, pray unceasingly, Pray even for Bill Clinton and the
others who hate and despitefully use us. Depend solely on our Lord and
Savior Jesus Christ. Trust Him completely. Worry not what men can do to
you, for God is with you. He will never forsake you.

Frankly I tremble for Bill Clinton and His New World Order cohorts when I
consider the awesome justice of a vengeful God.

"Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord." That, my friends, is Truth. It is
power, and it is
destiny.
____________________________________________________________________

For more information contact:

Living Truth Ministries
1708 Patterson Road
Austin, Texas 78733-6507


*******************************************************

THE END TIMES
by Richard Stauch

	What are the End Times? Most people understand that Christians say we are
in the End Times. Just what does that mean? How can we know it's true, and
what signs will show us for sure?

	The following paragraphs will explain in detail what the End Times are,
where the doctrine comes from, and how we can be sure when we're in them.
It's a frightening time to consider, even for some Christians. There's a
lot of confusion about what this all means. Some Christians think they'll
have to go through a period called the Great Tribulation. I hope to show
that's not true, for God has said we're not to suffer His wrath (1 Thes.
5:8-10). Others actually believe there's no such thing at all. I also hope
to show that's false, because our Lord Jesus Christ warned us to watch, and
the apostles confirmed this (1 Thes. 5:6). Why would He do that if we have
no hope to escape the destruction that's just about to come?

Gen. 18:20-19:29 GOD, THE RIGHTEOUS JUDGE

	Would God judge the righteous with the wicked? His answer is an emphatic
No! Lot was judged to be righteous. The destruction which came on Sodom and
Gomorah waited until he, and those with him, were safe.

	Even so, some of Lot's family refused to believe that God would destroy
the cities of the plains, and remained behind. They were destroyed with the
cities. Also, Lot's wife, who disobeyed and looked back, became a pillar of
salt. Let's believe God, and obey, or we may find ourselves in serious
trouble!

Matt. 16:1-4 THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES

	This is where the phrase "the signs of the times" is found. Some people
would say the phrase is taken out of context. Surely, we can borrow the
phrase. Our Lord was saying the Jews were blind to the signs of their time.
Cannot we learn a lesson from their failure?

	Jesus said the End Times would be just like the days when Noah built the
ark. Noah survived God's wrath, with his family and all the animals God had
sent to him (Matt. 24:37-39; Luke 17:26-27). Jesus also gave many specific
things for us to watch for. These would be sure signs that He was about to
appear (Matt. 24:3-8):

	(Many false christs) From Jim Jones to the Ayatola.
	(Wars and rumors of war) War has never ceased.
	(Ethnic strife) The Greek word translated "nation" is "ethnos".
	(Nationalism) Small countries seek to expand their borders.
	(Famines) Everywhere we look, there are shortages of food.
	(Pestilence) Diseases are spreading, and becoming resistant.
	(Earthquakes) Southern California has no corner on the market.

	Certainly, these things have been happening since the beginning of time.
The intensity of these things today is such that we dare not blind our eyes
to their meaning. Yet, Our Lord told us not to be troubled, because these
are only the beginning of "birth pains".

Matt. 24:9-14 THE TIME OF THE END

	We have seen that the world is completely unaware that everything is
about to break loose! The following signs have only begun to happen. They
will grow in intensity, and scope (See also: Luke 21:7-36):

	(Persecution) Many believers will be killed.
	(Great offense and betrayal) Others turn away from the faith.
	(False prophets and deception) Psychics decieve the world.
	(Love grows cold) Many that remain stop working.
	(The gospel preached world-wide) The whole world hears the gospel.

	It's at this point that the end of this age comes. The time of the
gentiles comes to an end on an inauspicious note. There is not much for
many so-called believers to be proud of, since they are lukewarm. Our Lord
will not honor them (Rev. 3:14-22). On the other hand, those who risk their
lives for the gospel will have great honor from God (Rev. 12:11).

Matt. 24:15-22 THE GREAT TRIBULATION

	The persecution of beleivers is not what the Bible calls Great
Tribulation. If so, then the early church also went through such a time.
Yet, Jesus said this time would be unique in the history of the world
(Matt. 24:21). Thank God, for He will shorten the time! If not, nobody
would survive (Matt. 24:22).

	Many people have a hard time seeing the events of the Great Tribulation.
It's no wonder, since the period is unique in history. There simply is no
comperable time! The following is a brief time-line based on the book of
Revelation. It may be helpful for your studies:

	Reference		Time
==============================================================
	1:1-8		|	Opening prayer
	1:9-3:22	|	The time of the gentiles
	4:1-5:14	|	Heaven as it is now
	6:1-7:17	|	The first half of the Tribulation
	8:1-11:19	|	The second half of the Tribulation
	12:1-5		|	The time from Abraham to Tribulation
	12:6-13	|	The first half of the Tribulation
	12:14-13:4	|	The second half of the Tribulation
	13:5-17	|	The first half of the Tribulation
	13:18-14:12	|	The second half of the Tribulation
	14:13-16	|	Reaping the righteous dead
	14:17-20	|	Reaping the unrighteous dead
	15:1-20:3	|	The seven last plagues
	20:4-6		|	The thousand year reign of Christ
	20:7-10	|	Satan loosed for a "little season"
	20:11-21:5	|	The Great White Throne judgement
	21:6-22:9	|	The new Jerusalem
	22:10-22:21	|	Closing prayer

	As you can see, the book of Revelation is almost chronologic in
structure. The first and second halves of the Great Tribulation are spoken
of three times. Most Bible scolars agree, when Scripture repeats a
prophetic subject, it means these things are sure to happen.

Conclusion:

	I believe there will be a great "catching away" that will happen without
warning. Some people call this the Rapture. Although the word doesn't occur
in Scripture, it certainly describes the event. Our Lord spoke of a moment
when one of two would be "taken", and the other left (Matt. 24:40-42).
Then, Jesus Christ warned us to watch, because we don't know when this will
happen. Let's pray that God will send His Holy Spirit to dwell in us. As
long as the Spirit of God is in us, we can be sure we won't have to see the
Tribulation.

Richard Stauch


*******************************************************


Will they outlaw evangelism next? (7/94)
The following is from Christian Crusade Newspaper,
We can be E-mailed on America On Line as Christcrew, on Compuserve at
72204,541, and via the Internet as Christcrew@aol.com .

by Keith Wilkerson, editor

What if they made a law against witnessing about Jesus?

What if some faceless bureaucrat in Washington, D.C., made it a crime to
share your faith with people at work?

What if some pencil pusher elected by nobody wrote a federal regulation
that could get you fired for wearing a cross at work?

Believe it or not, somebody within the Clinton Administration  tried. It
almost became a federal regulation on June 13.

Only because astonished and horrified Christians besieged  Washington,
D.C. with telephone calls and letters did elected lawmakers call for a
Congressional investigation.

The new regulation against giving your Christian testimony on the job had
been written quietly and without publicity by the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission.

Somebody tipped off former Nixon aide Charles Colson, now the head of
Prison Fellowship International. He checked into it, found the rumor to be
true, and alerted the leaders of some of America's largest religious
groups.

As a result, the U.S. Senate voted 94-0 to ask the Clinton Administration
to shelve the new rules -- which the bureaucrats claimed would end
"religious harassment."

Unfortunately, the Senate's unanimous request does not have the force of
law. The Clinton Administration may go ahead anyway -- contrary to the
wishes of elected lawmakers.

"I fear that the overall impact of the proposed guidelines will be to
create a workplace in which religious freedom is stifled and employers are
put into an untenable position,'' said Sen. Howell Heflin, D-Ala., on the
floor of the Senate.

Lawyers for the Clinton Administration's Equal Employment Opportunity
Commission (EEOC) tried to downplay concerns. They said that Senators and
90,000 letter-writers and concerned callers were all over-reacting to the
proposed rules. The new rules would protect us all from religious nuts, not
end freedom of religion, the lawyers
complained.

However, nobody seemed to think their new regulations were a good idea --
except for the American Atheists and a Jewish group.

In testimony before the U.S. Senate, "Can the EEOC guarantee that the
communication of the Christian gospel will never, under any circumstances,
be deemed to be actionable harassment?'' asked Michael K. Whitehead, the
general counsel for the Southern Baptist Convention's Christian Life
Commission.

"Southern Baptists and other religious groups can never support ambiguous
and elastic standards which would permit an exercise of bureaucratic power
over a person in the workplace who merely shares his faith.''

Dudley Rochelle, an Atlanta labor lawyer who represents employers, said
that if the new rules are adopted, she would have to advise bosses and
supervisors to ban all religion at work. That would mean no witnessing, no
conversation about Jesus, and not even Christian calendars on the wall.

She said the rules require "a workplace to be completely free of religious
expression." All Bibles would have to be removed from desks, all religious
magazines would have to be hidden from view, and no discussion of faith
could take place on the job.

Gary Bauer of the Family Research Council, noted that the EEOC rules could
result in "situations where an employer with a Bible on his desk might make
a Muslim secretary uncomfortable and have something like that lead to a
lawsuit.''

Writing in the Chicago Tribune, Constitutional law professor Douglas
Laycock of the University of Texas at Austin noted the tens of thousands of
letters that the EEOC had received "from people who fear that the religious
harassment guidelines will be used to suppress all religious speech in the
workplace." Senate hearings "lent credence
to the worst fears of the commission's critics," wrote Professor Laycock.
"The American Atheists claim that the only way to end religious harassment
is to create a 'religion-free' workplace, in which employees would be
forbidden to keep religious art, calendars or
books in their workplace, forbidden to hum or whistle religious songs,
forbidden to engage in religious conversations, and forbidden to wear
crosses, yarmulkes, or other religious clothing.

"Already, Delta Airlines has actually tried to create a religion-free
workplace, directing that its employees 'should not possess or display,  in
any manner, on company premises any material which may be  construed, by
anyone, to have racial, religious, or sexual overtones,  whether positive
or negative,'" noted the professor.

Rep. Howard "Buck" McKeon, R-Calif., noted that the rules could  lead
employers to bar all religious expression in the workplace,  violating our
freedom of religion. "Under the EEOC's proposed  guidelines, an employee
who wears a cross, Star of David or other  religious symbol, or who keeps a
Bible on a desk could be accused of
religious harassment," he said.

The new rules could make it risky for employers to even mention  their
religious beliefs for fear of being charged with harassing  workers who
might disagree, noted the Birmingham, Alabama Post- Herald's Washington
correspondent Thomas Hargrove, writing for the  Scripps-Howard news
service.

"The EEOC guidelines were supported by the American Jewish  Congress," he
observed, "which said that Jews historically have been  subjected to a
variety of subtle and overt harassments on the job."

Hargrove quoted Ohio Democratic Sen. Howard Metzenbaum, who is Jewish, as
telling supporters of the Senate bill.

"'I am having difficulty in understanding just what it is you find
objectionable. A broad brush has been used.'

"But," according to Hargrove, "Metzenbaum dropped his  opposition after he
convinced Sens. Heflin and Hank Brown, R-Colo., to remove language from
their bill that insisted that religious  harassment must be considered
separately from other kinds of
harassment.

"This is not an area that the EEOC has had guidelines on before,''  Sen.
Brown said during the hour-long debate on the floor of the  Senate. He
expressed concern over placing religion into the same  emotional powder keg
that has developed over workplace sexual  harassment. "To equate a picture
of Moses, or Martin Luther King, or
Christ with a pornographic picture is absurd.''

Sen. Heflin said employer groups had expressed fear that the  guidelines
would open businesses to an entirely new kind of threat from civil
lawsuits.

"These guidelines, as worded, will create a tremendous burden for
employers who would be forced to make policies in anticipation of  employee
reaction to almost every manifestation of religious belief,'' he said.

Attorneys for the EEOC told the Reuters News Service that  although the
guidelines would be revised, the matter is far from  settled.

"Given the amount of controversy generated by this provision, it  is clear
that the language should be revised to more accurately reflect  the
intended meaning," Elizabeth Thornton, acting legal counsel for  the EEOC,
told the Senate Judiciary courts subcommittee, which is  chaired by Heflin.

"There is the need to do some clarification," she said.

However, just revising the rules will not be enough, said 21  Republican
senators. In a letter to the EEOC, they asked that the reference to
religion be deleted altogether, not merely revised.

Professor Laycock suggested that the matter could be handled  very easily
-- if that was the desire of the Clinton Administration.

As proposed, the EEOC "forbid any speech or conduct that  'denigrates' or
shows 'aversion' to any religion and creates an offensive environment' or
'otherwise adversely affects' any employee," wrote the professor. "The
provisions are to be interpreted from the perspective of a reasonable
person. But people of sharply different religious views have equally
different ideas about what is offensive.

"The guidelines do not distinguish expressions of religious faith and
disagreement about religious issues, which are constitutionally protected,
from personal attacks on other employees or persistent harangues directed
at an unwilling audience, which are not. The vagueness of the guidelines
invites large numbers of unjustified charges, and the prospect of
litigation over such charges encourages employers to overreact and suppress
all religious speech in the workplace.

"It is not hard to state much more precisely what speech is harassment and
what speech is protected."

Here are six clarifications that the professor said could eliminate much
of the confusion caused by EEOC's rules:

"1. It is illegal to demand that an employee engage in or refrain from
religious behavior. Attending church or joining your supervisor in prayer
cannot be made a condition of employment, promotion, raises, or other job
benefits.

"2. Slurs, epithets, and negative stereotypes about the personal
characteristics of a religious group are generally illegal.

"3. Persistent evangelism directed at the same individual, continued after
a clear request to end the conversation or not bring the subject up again,
may generally be treated as illegal religious harassment. The speaker has a
clear right to evangelize, and the target has a clear right to end the
conversation.

"4. Affirmative expression of one's own religious faith or lack thereof,
not targeted at a particular individual, cannot be religious harassment.
Employees are free to wear religious clothing or jewelry, hang religious
calendars or art in their personal workspace, and refer to their faith in
ordinary conversation.

"5. Serious argument for or against a religious or political proposition
cannot be religious harassment -- or any other kind of harassment. This ist
rue even if the argument rejects someone else's religious teachings, even
if the argument is made in forceful, colorful or inarticulate terms, even
if some co-workers find the speaker's position offensive. Religious and
political argument is speech of the highest first amendment value. It would
be a great improvement in the harassment guidelines if this flap over
religious harassment resulted in a general clarification that serious
argument is not harassment.

"6. Even with these substantive clarifications, the commission should
eliminate the multiple and overlapping generalities used in the
guidelines."

However, it is yet to be seen if anyone at EEOC is interested in being so
clear. Such simple solutions were shrugged off by EEOC attorneys at the
Senate hearings.

"At last week's Senate hearings, there was remarkable agreement on what is
protected speech and what is religious harassment," wrote the professor.
"This agreement spanned the political spectrum, from the American Civil
Liberties Union to the Southern Baptist Convention.

"What remains to be seen is whether the commission will state these
principles in plain language.

"Or will it persist in vague generalities that unnecessarily intimidate
workers and employers and leave all the real answers to be worked out in
the courts through expensive litigation?"

America will have to wait and see.

WHAT IS CHRISTIAN CRUSADE NEWSPAPER?
Christian Crusade Newspaper is in its 42nd year, has a worldwide
circulation and is published by Christian Crusade, P.O. Box 977, Tulsa, OK
74102.

It is mailed to subscribers without charge as a result of the conviction
of its founder not to put a price-tag on the gospel. For a free
subscription, just ask.

Although Dr. Hargis no longer travels, editor-in-chief Keith Wilkerson
accepts speaking invitations. Both can be  E-mailed on America On Line as
Christcrew, on GEnie as K.Wilkerson3, via the Internet as
Christcrew@aol.com, and  on Compuserve at 72204,541.


******************************************************

THE SECOND COMING OF MESSIAH JESUS


As the end of the millennium approaches, fulfillment of Bible prophecy is
rushing to a climax. You are among the few generations to witness the close
of a millennium. You could be the generation to witness the second coming
of Messiah Jesus!

We Are Instructed To Know The Time
----------------------------------
	* Jesus said, "See, I have told you beforehand" (Matt. 24:25, NKJV).
	* " yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a
	  thief in the night . . . But ye, brethren are not in darkness, that that day
	  should overtake you as a thief" (I Thess. 5:2, 4)
	* "So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is
near, even
	  at  the doors" (Matt. 24:33).
	* Jesus clearly said no one would know the day or the hour of His return
	  (Matt. 25:13), but remember that 24 hours is a small slice of time.
While some
	  knew of and understood his first coming, Jesus rebuked those that could not
	  "discern the signs of the times" (Matt. 16:3).

Israel, God's Time Clock
------------------------
Jesus taught that we could know the "times" by watching the nation of
Israel. He prophesied that Jerusalem would be destroyed in A.D. 70 and the
Jewish people were scattered among the nations. Israel was re-established
in 1948. And after the Six-Day War, Jerusalem was recaptured from the
Gentiles.

In His parable of the fig tree, Jesus said that this generation (the one
that sees the signs) will certainly not pass away until all these things,
including the return of Messiah, have happened (v.32).

120 - Year Warning Of Noah
--------------------------
"And as it was in the days of Noah, so shall it be also in the days of the
Son of man" (Luke 17:26)

In 1878, Noah Troyer, an Amish minister, became ill, lapsing into repeated
periods of unconsciousness. During these periods, he stood and prophesied
the same basic message 19 times. His message was that just as God gave the
world 120 years to repent beforethe flood (Gen. 6:3), He was giving
America the same 120  year warning. 1878 + 120 biblical (360-day) years =
1996.

Significantly, in 1878 the first Jewish villages in Palestine were
established - Petah Tikvah in Judea and Rosh Pinnah in Galilee - the
beginning of modern Israel. Additionally, respected prophecy scholar Grant
R. Jeffrey believes 1878 signaled the end of the Gentile age and the
beginning of the 120 year countdown. 1

Sir Isaac Newton And The Prophecy Of Daniel
-------------------------------------------
Sir Isaac Newton, one of the world's greatest geniuses and the 'father of
modern science" was also a devout Christian and Bible Scholar. His later
life was devoted to studying and writing about the book of Daniel.

Newton, who lived 300 years ago;, believed the Messiah's second coming
would occur 49 years after a friendly kingdom would again issue a
"commandment to build Jerusalem" (Newton's Prophecies of Daniel, reprinted
by the Oregon Institute of Science and Medicine, 1991). 1 This belief was
based upon his interpretation of Daniel 9:25. Most modern scholars add the
two numbers of weeks given by Daniel. Instead, Newton believed the two
numbers separately foretell both the first and second comings of Messiah by
counting each from the going forth of the command to restore. Thus Daniel's
62 weeks of years, or 434 years, foretells Messiah's first coming and the
seven weeks of years, or forty-nine years, foretells His second coming.

The United Nations, a friendly kingdom, issued the commandment in November
of 1947 decreeing Israel's rebirth. Using Newton's formula, 1947 plus 49
years brings us to 1995 or 1996 (depending on whether a biblical 360-day
calendar is used. Also, the Jewish calendar equivalent of 1996 begins with
Rosh HaShana, 1995).

Early Jewish Writings And The Sabbath Principle
-----------------------------------------------
The view frequently expressed in the Talmud is that the world as we know
it would last only six thousand years. Tanna debe Eliyyahu teaches "the
world is to exist for 6,000 years. In the first 2,000 years was desolation
(no Torah, form Adam to Abraham  .. ) [for] 2,000 years the Torah
flourished and the next 2,000 years is the Messianic era.. . . "2 Since a
thousand years to the Lord is as a day (Ps. 90:4; 2Pet. 3:8), some ancient
and modern scholars see the coming of the seventh millennium shall be the
millennial years of remission, that God alone may be exalted in that day"
(Rabbi Kettina Gemara). 2

Early Christian Thought
------------------------
Early Christian writers, as well as the apostles and the early church,
taught that at the end of 6,000 years of human history, the Messiah would
return and reign for 1,000 years (referred to as the Millennium). Many
church fathers and historians paralleled the rabbinical view stated above.
As late as A.D. 1650, in "The Chronology of the Old and New Testament",
Bishop Latimer calculated that the Millennium would begin in A.D. 1997,
based on Jesus' birth in 4 B. C.

Other Biblical Evidence
------------------------
There are many biblical signs heralding the "last days' before the soon
return of the Lord. Billy Graham has said that while some signs have
appeared in the past, "this is the first time in human history that all the
signs are converging. "2

Paul describes increased degeneracy in the last days in 2 Timothy 3:1-5.
Matt. 24:11,12 cites false prophets and increased lawlessness. Matthew
24:37 reveals these times to be "as in the days of Noah were", which were
"corrupt" and "filled with violence" (Gen. 6:11).

Jesus also said there would be famines and earthquakes (Matt. 24:7). Since
the middle of this century (when other signs began) there has been an
astonishing increase in the frequency of earthquakes measuring above 6.0 on
the Richter scale. By decades, this is the breakdown: 1880s (1), 1890s (1),
1900s (3), 1910's (2), 1920s (2), 1930s (5), 1940s(4), 1950s (9), 1960s
(13), 1970s (46), 1980s (52)! In the 1990s we have had a number of
extremely deadly quakes above 7.0 Richter, and the unusual June 1994
Bolivian quake with its record setting 400-mile deep 8.2 Richter felt in
the U.S. and Canada.

"And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a
witness unto all nations; and then the end shall come" (Matt. 24:14).
Hundreds of missions organizations are rapidly closing on the goal of
evangelizing the world by the year 2000. For example, Campus Crusade for
Christ plans to fulfill  the great Commission by December 31st, 2000.

Angel Messages And Supernatural Encounters
--------------------------------------------
	* Twice during 1993, an angel appeared to Vincent Tan and said,
concerning the
	  Lord, " He is coming very, very soon, " then mysteriously disappeared. 1
	* On November 20th, 1994, Larry Taylor was awakened at 1 a.m. with the 	
	  	   panoramic  vision of Revelation unfolding before his eyes. Then the
Lord 	
              spoke to him and said, "The tribulation is at the door."1
	* In August 1992, David Grant had a spectacular salvation experience, after 	
	   which he asked the Lord to take him to heaven. Instead the Lord spoke
to him
             and said, "I want you to go back and get your family ready to
meet Me. And go
             tell the world I am coming back for my children before the
year 2000."

If you are not ready for His return and would like to receive Jesus as
your Messiah, pray this prayer out loud and mean it to the best of your
ability:

	Dear God, please forgive me for every sin I have ever committed. I am
sorry and,
 	with your help, I turn from them. I believe Jesus died in my place for
my sins.
	And by His wounds, I am forgiven. I make Jesus my Lord And ask Him to live
	inside of me. In  the name of Jesus, Amen."

NOTE: The information was compiled from Sid Roth's interview with Jim
Bramlett And two articles written by Mr. Bramlett: 1 "Did God reveal to Sir
Isaac Newton a secret prophecy for this decade that has been confirmed by
other events?" And 2 "Christ's Soon Return: The Overwhelming Evidence." We
are not trying to set a date for the Messiah's return, but rather are
presenting signs that indicate His return will be soon. Unless otherwise
noted, Scriptures are form the King James Version. Si Roth's interview with
Jim Bramlett (C902) is available for $5 from Messianic Vision, P.O Box 1918
Brunswick, GA 31521 (912) 265-2500.

(Permission to copy and distribute the Mishbochah File1:13 is given by Sid
Roth's The Messsianic Vision.)


****************************************************

THE NEW WORLD ORDER OR A WORLD OUT-OF-ORDER?
This Message Exposes A Plan To Control The Future Of Nations -And Your Life!

* How often, recently have you heard our President use the term... NEW
WORLD ORDER? Just where did this "New World Order" come from?

* Will the "New World Order" have any effect on the average American
citizen and their lifestyle? What is the stated purpose of "The New World
Order"?

* Recently, there has been a great deal of talk in the media about
"interdependency" of various countries of the world. What does the
interdependency mean? Is it a new word also?

* How is it that the higher hiarchy of the Communist Party simply change
their name to socialist democrats and are still the leaders of these
various countries?

* How is it that Communism, which has been presented to us as the biggest
threat to the Western World for the past 70 years suddenly disintegrates
and becomes among our best friends?

* How is it that the Soviet Union can put the first man in space and still
have a very active space program but cannot get their food to market and
are looking to the UNITED STATES for aid this winter?

* Last but not least, what is the real purpose of the "Free Mexican Trade
Agreement"?

First let me tell you a little about myself so that you may properly
evaluate the information you are about to receive. I retired from the Navy
in 1977 as a Senior Chief Petty Officer at age 38 and went into civilian
industry to support myself and family.

In the military you live a somewhat secluded life from that of the average
citizen, especially if you are spending a great deal of your time aboard
ship or overseas. Upon being exposed to the civilian job market again, I
certainly received some surprises. Things that were foisted on the average
American Citizen over a period of 20 years I was exposed to in a matter of
a few weeks. Talk about culture shock!

The thing that hit me the most was this. In 1955 and 1956 prior to
entering the service as a 19 year old man, I could support my wife, make
house and car payments. We didn't live in any great style but we could make
ends meet with just me working and we could put a few dollars aside.

My youngest son had recently married and it is virtually impossible for
them to survive without both he and his wife working, much less put
anything in savings. WHAT HAPPENED TO AMERICA'S ECONOMY DURING MY 20 YEARS
AWAY?

I began thinking about this a great deal. I thought long and hard about
what institution had more control over my lifestyle or that of any other
American than any other Government institution. The obvious answer was THE
FEDERAL RESERVE. They determine how much money is in circulation, what
interest rates are and indirectly or directly (depending on how you want to
look at it) what taxes are to be paid by us, the American Citizens.
Needless to say, I began developing a deep interest in The Federal Reserve,
since it seemed to have a much bigger impact on my life than any
Congressman or Presidents I voted for.

I began asking my civilian friends and my banker to tell me what they knew
about the Federal Reserve System. I got the same answer from all of them,
"It is some branch of the U.S. Government." Everyone was complaining about
the federal debt and the damage it was doing to the country.

One day I picked up an encyclopedia and looked up the "FEDERAL RESERVE
SYSTEM" and would you believe the book said...it was a PRIVATELY OWNED
OPERATION. Well, that made more sense because at least, I could understand
the debt situation better.

The next question I had was...where does this private corporation get the
money to loan to you, me, and our government? Was I in for a surprise! They
get it from us. THEY PRINT THE MONEY THAT BELONGS TO YOU AND ME AND... THEN
LOAN IT BACK TO US AND CHARGE US INTEREST.

Needless to say, I quickly realized that the stock holders of this Federal
Reserve System had a real thing going. I immediately wondered who they were
and how the hell they ever managed to get in such a position to pull
something like that off!

After reading research that has been done by others and Congressional
Records of the early 1930's, it seems there are now around 300 stockholders
of The Federal Reserve that have voting stock. In 1984, with an interest of
one billion dollars on the federal debt, these people realized a 33 MILLION
DOLLAR PROFIT each on a literally NO RISK INVESTMENT.

To say that I was intrigued with this information is to say the least, and
I pursued reading on this matter. It seems in the early 1900's a dozen or
so big bankers out of New York held a secret meeting at Jekyll Island,
Georgia and put together a central banking system for the good old U.S.A.
This meeting was headed up by a fellow with the name of Paul Warburg from
Europe. He was also the first Chairman of The Board of The Federal Reserve
until 1920. Paul's brother Max Warburg was Financial Advisor to the Kaiser
of Germany during the First World War, while Paul Warburg ran our financial
system.

The people at this meeting were from the J.P. Morgan Bank (now Citicorp),
The Rockefeller Bank (now Chase Manhattan) and other various big banks from
New York that were financed by the Rothschild Bank of Germany (Rothschild
also financed The Bank of England). In other words, you will find that our
central banking system is mostly owned by foreign money and has been since
its inception.

In any event, this plan was initially presented to Congress in 1910 as The
Aldrich Bill. Senator Aldrich was from New York and somewhat of a financier
himself. It was rejected by Congress due to private banking interest in it.
With a few minor changes, such as breaking the system down into 12
Districts, (still all districts controlled by the New York District) it was
resubmitted to Congress in 1913. After MILLIONS OF DOLLARS expended by the
bankers the bill passed as the Federal Reserve Act of 1913.

Our Constitution says that Congress and only Congress had the
responsibility of coining our money. The 16th Amendment never repealed that
provision and many legal minds say the 16th Amendment is UNCONSTITUTIONAL.

THE CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE FINANCE COMMITTEE IN 1931 SAID THE FEDERAL
RESERVE SYSTEM WAS THE BIGGEST ACT OT TREASON EVER PERFORMED ON THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE. That speech is in the Congressional Record and is included
as a reference along with other references at the end of this message.

Now what does all this relate to as far as whether we can support our
families? It relates directly. Out of The Federal Reserve sprang two other
organizations, The Import Export Bank and The World Bank. ALL LOANS MADE BY
THESE BANKS TO ANY COUNTRY ARE GUARANTEED BY THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. When
George Bush told Egypt they could forget their 8 billion dollar loan they
owed to the Federal Reserve, it doesn't mean the loan doesn't get paid, it
means we (you and me) pay the Federal Reserve instead of Egypt. It is the
same with all loans made by the U.S.A. that are not repaid. How many loans
can you name that has been repaid. AS MORE AND MORE OF OUR WEALTH LEAVES
OUR COUNTRY...YOU AND I...AND OUR CHILDREN MUST WORK MORE AND MORE TO HAVE
ANY WEALTH. IT IS CALLED SUPPLY AND DEMAND AND THE SUPPLY IS LEAVING OUR
COUNTRY, WHILE THE DEMAND KEEPS INCREASING.

The Federal Reserve Note (use to be a U.S. Dollar) is not backed by gold
anymore, it is backed now simply by assets and productivity (sweat and
toil) of the American people. The Federal Reserve Corporation actually has
legal lien on the clothes you are wearing and any other thing you think you
own. Total value of the U.S.A. (and everything in it) is set at about 46
TRILLION DOLLARS. Total debt both private and government is about 16
Trillion Dollars. HOW LONG BEFORE WE MAX OUT AND GET REPOSSESSED?

Interestingly enough, pursuit of this information turns up other
interesting facts. For instance, THE SAME PEOPLE WHO OWN THE FEDERAL
RESERVE ALSO FINANCED THE RUSSIAN REVOLUTION. The Rockefellers, Morgans,
Warburgs, schiff Loeb, and Rothschild are today in the 1990's, the Major
Investors in the Soviet Union. THE FEDERAL RESERVE IS ALSO. YOU AND I HAVE
ALWAYS GUARANTEED THOSE LOANS. Rothschild is quoted as saying, "I don't
care who the government is, let me control the money and I will control the
country."

If you will take the time to read the reference material listed which has
been researched by Professors of Universities, Congressmen, etc., you will
turn up information that might even frighten you a little bit. For
instance, the same stockholders of The Federal Reserve financed and brought
into being in 1921, and organization called the "COUNCIL ON FOREIGN
RELATIONS" (CFR). Harper's Magazine called this THE MOST POWERFUL
ORGANIZATION IN THE UNITED STATES. From CFR comes 90% of the people in the
State Department and key positions in the Executive Branch. The CFR
publishes a magazine called "FOREIGN AFFAIRS". Read it if you want to know
what is going to happen in the coming years.

The CFR's Annual Report in 1974 says the project for the CFR in the '80's
will be "The management of the International economy, global poverty,
environment and the new "common"... the oceans, the seabeds, and space, and
interstate violence, including arms control. (WHAT THEY ARE SAYING IS "THE
MANAGEMENT OF YOUR MONEY, YOUR LAND, YOUR GROCERIES, AND YOUR GUNS.)
Perhaps this can give us a better understanding of "Gun Control".

In 1975, Rockefeller Foundation Report discusses the "INTERDEPENDENCE" of
the countries of the world on each other. That we are of one world and
shall become A NATION STATE WORLD UNDER ONE GOVERNMENT. They also say, we
must reach a zero state population growth. The Rockefeller Foundation
stated that they have in excess of 747 million dollars to achieve this
with.

One month ago, I was watching the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) on
CSPAN about 1:30 A.M. They were discussing the "NEW WORLD ORDER." (You will
find this term or phrase originated with CFR) and how it should be
implemented. It seems they feel the UNITED NATIONS, with a few minor
changes is TO BE THE GOVERNING BODY UNDER A NEW WORLD CONSTITUTION. There
is to be 3 or 4 Regional Armed Forces under strict U.N. Control (NO COUNTRY
IS TO HAVE ITS OWN ARMY) for enforcing U.N. mandates. The U.S.A.
Constitution is to be subverted to the World Constitution. They indicated
on television they thought there would originally be some problems with
Americans in getting them to agree to let the United Nations come in and
monitor our elections. They said one of the first objectives was to get
nationalism out of the American peoples heads, that patriotism to a country
would not be a value in the future. Some of this is a little hard for an
old salt like me to swallow.

Last year I had a conversation with a lady previously employed in
International Banking, now employed by our local UPS Service. She informed
me of an International Banking seminar she attended in which they were
discussing DOING AWAY WITH MONEY AND GOING TO STRICTLY A DEBIT CARD. ALL
FUNDS WERE TO BE ELECTRONICALLY CREDITED OR DEBITED TO YOUR ACCOUNT BY THE
CARD. (Have you seen what's at the local grocery store at the cashier yet?)
She stated there were presently communication satellites that could handle
your buying a fur coat in Paris and instantly debiting your account in the
states. That this system would be initially implemented with social
security and welfare recipients. Sure enough this is now happening in
Maryland with welfare and the military. YOU HAVE GOT TO HAVE A BANK ACCOUNT
TO GET PAID.

Last month our bankers came in to get our business to go on a cashless
system. I refused. They said - THE WHOLE WORLD WILL BE ON IT BY 1997 AND IF
I WANTED TO DO BUSINESS...I WOULD NOT HAVE A CHOICE. SURELY... THIS IS NOT
THE MARK OF THE BEAST THE BIBLE SPOKE OF IN THE BOOK OF REVELATION!

CONSIDER WHAT LIFE COULD BE LIKE IN A CASHLESS SOCIETY. Every monetary
transaction would be instantly monitored by the government and taxed at
that instant. YOU WOULD VIRTUALLY HAVE NO PRIVACY! What can you do without
a monetary transaction of some sort and what about being monitored by BIG
BROTHER, our banking friends?

In 1954 The Ford Foundation President H.Rowan Gaither told Norman Dodd,
investigator for Congressman Reece's Committee, that their objective "WAS
TO ALTER OUR LIFE IN THE UNITED STATES SO THAT WE CAN BE COMFORTABLY MERGED
WITH THE SOVIET UNION." Indeed, if Rothschild was right about controlling
the money, you control the country, then it is pretty easy to see how
Communism can fail so conveniently for the NEW WORLD ORDER. It even can
explain how basically the same people who were communists are now Socialist
Democrats and still running things.

So how is it that a country which can put people into space such as the
Soviet Union cannot even get their crops to market. I think you will find
it very interesting that THE SAME PEOPLE WHO DRAFTED THE FEDERAL RESERVE
SYSTEM ALSO BOUGHT ALL THE MAJOR NEWSPAPERS IN THE 1930'S, the same media
companies that now own the major electronic media. Could it be that the
major investors in the Soviet Union just need a little more of our money to
insure that their investments in the communist countries are successful?

Do you think there will be a Mexican Free Trade Agreement? Did you know
that Mercedes and Toyota are already building Automobile Plants in Mexico?
Did you know that a union worker for Ford or GM in Mexico makes $6.00 a
day? How many new autos can you buy on $6.00 a day, or washing machines, or
whatever else is made in America? Who do you think the Japanese or Germans
are looking at for their Market? You've got it, the good ole U.S.A., with
no import tax. How do you think our manufacturers can compete with $6.00 a
day wages?

Right again, they simply have to move to Mexico to compete on the same
basis, AND THERE GOES AMERICAN JOBS RIGHT ACROSS THE BORDER. Being a
business man and seeing the handwriting on the wall, I went to Mexico this
year to check out business opportunities. (If rape is inevitable, find some
way to benefit from it.) I asked a Mexican Real Estate Agent the average
cost of housing (3 bedroom, 1 bath) and he said from $27,000 to $35,000
American. I asked how could a Mexican making $6.00 a day ever afford a
home? He said, their aunt, uncle, mother, father, and children all lived in
it and paid for it. Is this the standard of living the U.S.A. can look
forward to?

Let me do a little forecasting and YOU DECIDE if you think there could be
anything to it. This coming year you will have the EUROPEAN ECONOMIC
COMMUNITY (EEC) operating on the same money for all countries, no borders
as far as immigration goes. The EEC is presently headed up by bankers from
these FINANCIAL PEOPLE I have previously mentioned. (Yesterday, the
President of EEC said on television that the EEC Peace Efforts with
Yugoslavia and Croatia were not successful and they may have to resort to
force. NOW WE HAVE THE BANKERS CONTROLLING THE ARMY INSTEAD OF ELECTED
GOVERNMENT. They also said pressure was being put on the United States and
the Soviet Union to get involved. Who do you think is putting the pressure
on us?) The EEC plans on absorbing the Baltic Countries into it also.

There already exists an Asian Economic Community. Once there is an
American Economic Community then all that is left to do is merge the three
and YOU HAVE YOUR NEW WORLD ORDER OR ONE WORLD GOVERNMENT. For this NEW
WORLD ORDER to function as they desire there can be no great desparity in
the wealth of the various countries. Free trade agreements and open
immigration will result in a leveling of all the economies involved. You
will find the Middle Class has disappeared and there is only the very
wealthy and the poor who are kept that way by the cashless society. Guess
what percentage is going to be rich and what percentage poor and who the
rich will be. You might have noticed the Middle Class is already
disappearing here in the U.S.A.

Now the average American Citizen isn't going to give up his Constitution
for some World Constitution that easily. We and our ancestors have fought
too long and shed too much blood for it to give up easily. BUT SUPPOSE THAT
THIS RECESSION WE ARE IN WERE TO BEGIN A MAJOR DEPRESSION. I mean a
depression as bad or worse than 1929. Then suppose a party comes along and
says "Vote for us and we will take you into THE NEW WORLD ORDER, have world
trade, put you to work again." Do you think if you and your children were
starving that you might be willing to give up your freedom so that you
might feed them? NOT A VERY PLEASANT THOUGHT IS IT.

If you will read the material I am referencing...all written by
intelligent, educated, patriotic Americans, I believe plain old logic will
bring you to the same conclusion. Just look around and see what is
happening today.

How can a free trade agreement with Mexico be good for the majority of
Americans? WHY DOES IT TAKE ALL THE INCOME TAX PAID BY THE PEOPLE LIVING
WEST OF THE MISSISSIPPI JUST TO PAY THE INTEREST ON THE FEDERAL DEBT TO THE
STOCKHOLDERS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM? Why is it 20 years ago it only
took one working to support a family and now it takes both? Why is
literally 10% of the American work force out of work (not 6.8%)? Why won't
the government extend unemployment insurance when the monies are there? Why
do we spend billions of dollars to send a telescope into space that doesn't
even work properly...when there are so many homeless in our country? Why do
we have a welfare system that makes more and more people dependent on the
Government? Why do we keep giving our money away overseas? Is it because
the Europeans are worse than us? BULL HOCKEY! I have been to Europe and
they don't have the problems we've got. WHY DOESN'T THE FEDERAL RESERVE
COME UNDER THE GENERAL ACCOUNTING OFFICE AND WHY HAVE THEY NEVER BEEN
AUDITED BY A GOVERNMENT AGENCY IN ALL THESE YEARS?

Well...All of this came about by me wondering why I could support my
family when I got married and my son had to have his wife work.
	
You will find VIRTUALLY NO DIFFERENCE BETWEEN OUR TWO POLITICAL PARTIES,
the Republicans and the Democrats, despite all the rhetoric. You will find
the training ground called the CFR PRODUCES THE LEADERS OF BOTH PARTIES and
they both are headed the same way. They simply take turns being the good
guy and bad guy to confuse the American Citizens.

SO WHAT CAN WE DO ABOUT IT? All it takes is one simple step and that is to
NATIONALIZE THE FEDERAL RESERVE. TURN IT OVER TO THE U.S. GOVERNMENT
INSTEAD OF PRIVATE BANKERS. Simply erase the money owed to the private
banking interests, it was our money to start with. For the private citizens
who have bought U.S. Debt - then of course, we pay it. Nationalizing our
banking system, making Congress comply with Constitution and do the coining
of our money will destroy the power base of these financial interests,
maintain the integrity of our Constitution, take power from Federal
Government and put it back with states close to the people where the
Constitution intended it.

HOW DO WE DO THIS? Speak out! Write to your congressman, the President,
and tell them how you feel about this! It is YOUR COUNTRY AND IT IS IN A
CRISIS FAR WORSE THAN ANY IN ITS HISTORY. IF YOU PERSONALLY DON'T DO
SOMETHING...NOBODY WILL. (Except the bankers) If you have any doubts then
at least educate yourself...read the reference materials from the library.
	
DON'T LEAVE IT TO SOMEONE ELSE!!
C.R. BROWN, AQCS USN Ret. Saving America
P.O. Box 1205 Middleburg, FL 32050-1205
(904) 282-9877 or 1-800-633-7692
	
REFERENCES:
1 - FOUNDATIONS PAY THE WAY, Alan Stang
2 - NONE DARE CALL IT CONSPIRACY, Gary Allen
3 - POTENTIAL GENOCIDE, Dunham
4 - THE C.F.R., Gary Allen
5 - THE FEARFUL MASTER, Griffin
6 - THE INVISIBLE GOVERNMENT, Smoot
7 - SECRETS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE, Eustace Mullins
8 - SHADOWS OF POWER, Perloff
9 - SPEECH BY - Louis McFadden, Chairman Of The House Bankingand Finance
Committee - Congressional Record page 1207
	
Distributed free of charge by:
Freeman Ministries
P.O. Box 1055 Seattle, Washington 98111
U.S.A.


******************************************************

Anti-Semitism & Revision Theology

The Jewish Problem

The main thing that causes anti-semitism by gentiles that claim to believe
the bible is their lack of proper training in the words of the bible.
Authentic christianity is Jewish both theologically and culturally!  Anyone
that denies this has a serious case of either historical amnesia or
ignorance.  Jesus himself said luke 4:21 "salvation is from the Jewish
people."  In acts 5:31 peter says "god exalted Jesus that he might give
repentance and forgiveness of sins to israel."  Surely god's plans and
purposes are always filled although it may not be in our time frame!  Jesus
lived on earth as a Jewish person. It was a Jewish man that shed the blood
for the sacrifice for gentile people to have a right standing with the
Jewish god of abraham isaac and jacob.  It was Jewish missionaries who
first reached out to the gentile people with the good news of the Jewish
messiah.

Jesus is Jewish

Luke 2:21-24  when Jesus was eight days old he was circumcised.  This was
to fulfil a covenant with abraham which is still being done by many Jewish
people.  They even offered an animal sacrifice according to the law of
moses. John 4:22 Jesus confirms that he himself is Jewish when he says "we
Jewish people". Luke 2:41 every year Jesus' earthly parents went to
jerusalem to celebrate the Jewish holiday, passover. Acts 7:37 moses told
the israelites, "god will sent you a prophet like me from among your own
people."

The common Jewish people .

Matthew 8:2-4 Jesus instructed the man he healed of leprosy to fulfil an
old testament command by moses to show himself to the priest. The man if he
had not been Jewish would not have been required to do this. Matthew 9:35
Jesus went through all the towns and villages teaching in synagogues,
preaching the good news of the kingdom and healing every disease and
sickness. Luke 18:38 the blind man sitting by the side of the road called
Jesus "son of david", a title rooted in Jewish scripture about the messiah.
Luke 18:42 Jesus healed the blind man and told him it was his  faith that
healed him. He recognized Jesus as the Jewish messiah.  Luke 23:56 the
women that prepared spices and perfumes for the body of Jesus were Jewish
women that rested on the sabbath according to the commandment. John 7:30
again we see by the context that Jesus was talking to Jewish people and
many Jewish people put their faith in him. John 8:30 as is evident by the
context, including verse 22, many Jewish people put their faith in Jesus.
John 8:31 the memorable words of Jesus "the truth will set you free" was
first spoken to Jewish people who had believed in him! John 9:22 the young
man who was blind since birth was Jewish john 11:45 after Jesus raised
lazarus from the dead, many of the jews put their faith in Jesus.

The leaders of the Jewish people

 Much of the church world has said "only the common Jewish people accepted
Jesus but the Jewish leaders rejected him." Let's see what the word of god
says about this. Matthew 8:18 a teacher of the law came to Jesus and said
"rabbi i will follow you wherever you go" luke 7:3 the elders of the Jewish
people were sent by a gentile centurion to ask Jesus to heal his servant.
Luke 8:41 jairus, a ruler of the synagogue, went to Jesus to ask him to
heal his daughter. Luke 23:50-53 joseph, a member of the Jewish leadership,
sanhedrin council, had not consented to any negative action to be taken
concerning Jesus and in fact asked for his body after the crucifixion so
that he could give Jesus a proper Jewish burial. John 12:42 yet at the same
time many even among the Jewish leaders believed in Jesus. Acts 6:7 a large
number of Jewish priests became obedient to the faith. Acts 18:8 crispus,
the synagogue ruler, and his entire household believed in the lord. Adding
up  these Jewish leaders that did not reject Jesus would not even come
close to the number of the ones that are not written about.  And how many
other Jewish leaders would have been born again by their testimony we do
not know.

The crucifixion

Luke 18:32  Jesus said that he would be handed over to gentiles that would
mock, insult, spit, flog and kill him. Matthew 20:19  Jesus said the
gentiles would mock, flog, and crucify him.  10:33-34  Jesus said that the
gentiles would mock, spit, flog and kill him.

 Evidences of Jewish believers in Jesus after Jesus' resurrection

Luke 13:35 Jesus said to jerusalem that they (the ancestors of today's
Jewish people)  would not  see him again until they said "blessed is he who
comes in the name of the lord." Obviously, Jesus was not confused, he knew
one day even more of the Jewish people would be saying that he was the one
that came in the name of the lord.  Acts 2:14 peter was also Jewish as
indicated here as he addressed the crowd at pentecost as "fellow jews" acts
2:41 3,000 Jewish people were added that day.  Acts 3:12 peter addresses
"men of israel"acts 4:4  many of these Jewish people believed and the
number of them grew to 5,000.   Acts 6:1 the reason that the seven men were
chosen by the twelve main disciples to "wait on tables" was because part of
the "increasing number of disciples were grecian and hebraic Jewish widows
that both needed a daily distribution of food. Acts 10:45 the circumcised
Jewish believers were astonished that the gift of the holy spirit was
poured out on the gentiles.  Acts 13:43 many of the Jewish people followed
paul who urged them to continue in grace. Acts 15:5 some of the Jewish
people belonging to the pharisees had become believers in Jesus and were
still carrying on their customs. Acts 16:1 timothy's mother was a born
again Jewish woman. Acts 16:20 paul and silas were dragged before the
governmental authorities who said "these Jewish men  are throwing our city
intoan uproar by advocating customs unlawful for us romans to accept or
practice."acts 18:24-27 a Jewish man being taught the way of the lord
adequately and was a great help to those who had by grace believed.  Acts
18:27-28 apollos, a Jewish believer, went to achaia and proved from the
Jewish scriptures that Jesus was the messiah acts 22:12-14 ananias, a
devout observer of the law, a Jewish man who referred to "the god of our
fathers", was used by god for the healing of god for the healing of paul's
blindness. Acts 26-14  Jesus, the Jewish messiah, spoke to paul, the Jewish
man that wrote many of the epistle, in the hebrew language.  Romans 11:6
paul says, talking about the Jewish people, that at that present time there
was a remnant of believers chosen by grace. The believers that were 50
years old at the time he said this might have been small children or
possibly not even born at the time of Jesus' resurrection.  Romans 15:26-27
paul talks about Jewish saints in jerusalem galations 6:15-16 paul says
"what counts is a new creation" and "peace and mercy to all who follow this
rule, even to the israel of god." Which we understand now is the Jewish
people. The church was never referred to as "israel" or "spiritual israel"
or anything similar in the word of god. That is an error that has spread in
the "church world". How god must grieve that born again gentiles, that he
has made his own beloved children and priests in his kingdom, that his son
shed his blood for, would stretched his word past "his"meaning, not fully
understanding that they are loved unconditionally forever regardless of
whether or not they are israel!. Plus as  hebrews 8:6 states james 1:1
james addresses his letter to the "twelve tribes scattered among the
nations." Again we see evidence of Jewish believers even forty years after
Jesus' resurrection.  James2:2 here when the greek is translated properly
the word says"if a man comes into your synagogue" in 1:2 the word shows his
addressing brethren.  This is a congregation of Jewish believers
worshipping Jesus within their traditions and culture. Nowhere in the word
is this discouraged for Jewish believers. Hebrews the book written
approximately 60 to 70 years after the resurrection was written
specifically to born again Jewish people.

Did paul or the holy spirit give up on the Jewish people?

 Acts 13:46 paul says "we now turn to the gentiles" but...... Acts 14:1
paul went as was his custom into the iconium Jewish synagogue and a great
number of Jewish people believed. Acts 16:13-15 paul presented a message at
a place of prayer on the sabbath and lydia the dealer in purple, responded
and she and her household were immersed in water. Acts 17:1 paul went as
was his custom into the thessalonica  Jewish synagogue acts 17:4 some of
the Jewish people were persuaded and joined paul. Acts 17:10 on arriving in
berea paul went into the synagogue. Acts 17:12 many of the Jewish people
believed. Acts 18:4  in cornith he reasoned in the synagogue every sabbath.
Acts 18:19 paul went into the synagogue at ephesus and reasoned with the
jews. Acts 19:8 paul entered the synagogue and spoke there boldly for three
months.


Messianic Judaism

There has been always been a  by the holy spirit,   in 1967  it began
snowballing at a rapid speed when jerusalem was again belonging to israel.
At that time many Jewish people began meeting in small groups unknown to
each other around the united states and possibly the world studying the new
testament.  At the same time god began putting on the hearts of some
gentile true believers in the messiah a burden to pray for israel and they
were lead to introduce the Jewish people to their messiah, Jesus. Right now
in the united states there are at least 130 synagogues that worship Jesus
as the messiah of israel. Even now there are messianic Jewish groups
meeting regularly in st. Petersberg, minsk, lvov, kiev, odessa, moscow and
probably other former soviet cities. Acts 21:18 the elders of the community
of believers were present in jerusalem. Acts 21:20 "how many thousands of
Jewish people have believed and they are all zealous for the law." Acts
21:21  paul is told that the born again Jewish people among the gentile
believers had been told that he, paul, had told the believing Jewish people
to turn away from living according to their customs. Acts 21:22 knowing
this couldn't be true they asked paul what they should do. Acts 21:24 the
elders then suggest that paul take some men with him and perform rites to
prove that he himself was living in obedience to the law. Acts 21:26 he did
the rite, not to attain righteousness which he knew came through the blood
of Jesus but to show that although gentile believers weren't required to
begin doing Jewish laws and customs, the Jewish believers were free to
remain Jewish in their life style.

Future salvation of Israel

Jeremiah 23:26 moreover the word of the lord came to jeremiah, saying
considerest thou not what this people have spoken saying,  the two families
which the lord hath chosen, he hath even cast them off? They have despised
thy people that they should be no more a nation before them. Thus saith the
lord if my covenant be not with day and night, and if i have not appointed
the ordinances of heaven and earth, then will i cast away the seed of jacob
and david my servant, so that i will not take ant of his seed to be rulers
over the seed of abraham, isaac, and jacob:for i will cause their captivity
to return and have mercy on them.

 Isaiah 45:17 but israel will be saved by the lord with an everlasting
salvation; israel will never be put to shame or disgraced to ages
everlasting.  We know by the words of peter (who acts 2:14 shows was also
Jewish) in acts 4:12 that salvation is found in no one else except Jesus.
Isaiah 51:22 the sovereign lord says to jerusalem "see, i have taken out of
your hand the cup that made you stagger from that cup, the goblet of my
wrath, you will never drink again!" Jeremiah 50:5 the lord said through
jeremiah "the israelites will come and bind themselves to the lord in an
everlasting covenant that will not be forgotten. Ezekiel 37:26 the lord
says that he will make an everlasting covenant of peace with israel ezekiel
37:28 then the nations will know that he makes israel holy. Luke 13:35
Jesus said, "you will not see me again until you say", `blessed is he who
comes in the name of the lord.' acts 1:6-7 Jesus' apostles asked him if he
was going to restore the kingdom to israel at that present time and he
answered that it wasn't for them to know the time or date. The apostles
knew that the kingdom would be restored to israel and Jesus didn't tell
them they were wrong.  Romans 11:1-2 paul says that god did not reject the
Jewish people!

Exposing the replacement doctrine heresy that says the church Is israel and
not the Jewish people.

Luke 2:32 as simeon was speaking moved by the holy spirit he said that
Jesus would be glory to God's people israel. In the previous verse he
mentions gentiles, because gentile believers are not israel! Luke 2:34
Jesus would be the rising of many in israel.  Yes he says falling too, but
most of the church world never sees the words "rising of many in israel."
Acts 15:23 why was a letter addressed to gentile believers if they were the
"new israel" or "the new Jewish people"? Romans 2:29 says "but he is a jew
which is one inwardly, circumcision is that of the heart." This is not
written to gentiles to tell them they are jews if they are circumcised in
heart.  Although romans was written to gentile and Jewish believers as
verse 17 shows that he was speaking to jews not gentiles as he addresses
them "thou art called a jew and rest  in the law" romans 9:1-5 when paul
says israel he means ...  Israel!  Romans 9:16 states that not all the
israelites accepted the good news. Of course this is referring to the
Jewish people not the church.  Also "not all" certainly implies that some
Jewish people did accept the good news. Romans 9:27 only the remnant will
be saved.  The word "remnant" like the word "israel" is not the church but
the Jewish people that believe in Jesus. Romans 9:31 israel has not
obtained righteousness.  This israel is not referring to the born again
gentile church which has attained righteousness through Jesus.  Again,
scriptural proof that when the bible says israel it means the Jewish people
not the gentile born again church. Romans 11:6 paul says that at that
present time there was a "remnant" of believers chosen by grace. The word
"remnant" is referring to Jewish believers not the "current gentile church"
romans 11:7 talking about the portion of Jewish people that became
believers uses the term "the elect".  We see that the "elect" were the
Jewish believers not the "gentile church" romans 11:11 paul says "did they
stumble so as to fall beyond recovery?" He answers the question. "not at
all!"  The true israel, the Jewish people will recover! Romans 11:15-21 15
for if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall
the receiving of them be, but life from the dead? 16 for if the firstfruit
be holy, the lump is also holy: and if the root be holy, so are the
branches. 17 and if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a
wild olive tree, wert graffed in among them, and with them partakest of the
root and fatness of the olive tree; {among them: or, for them} 18 boast not
against the branches. But if thou boast, thou bearest not the root, but the
root thee. 19 thou wilt say then, the branches were broken off, that i
might be graffed in. 20 well; because of unbelief they were broken off, and
thou standest by faith. Be not highminded, but fear: 21 for if god spared
not the natural branches, take heed lest he also spare not thee.
(kjv)romans  11:25 says that israel has experienced a hardening in part
until the full number of gentiles come in.  Obviously, the israel spoken of
here is the Jewish people not the church.  Gentiles are referred to as
gentiles. Let's let paul interpret paul! Romans 11:28 paul tells the
gentiles that as far as election is concerned israel, the Jewish people,
are loved on account of the patriarches. Ephesians 2:13 but now in christ
Jesus ye (gentiles) who were far off are made near by the blood of christ.
This word near or nigh in the king james version of the bible means "near"
a place. This scripture no more than any other says that gentiles are
israel. They are brought near.  God certainly had the ability to say the
church was israel or Jewish if it was his will.  It was not his will and it
was never said.


*****************************************************

Prophe-Zine News Bites


Mickey's Mantra?
by: Warren E. Berkley
WEB47@AOL

One imposing religious trend on the rise all around us is the New Age
movement. It is a rather bizarre assortment of diverse beliefs and
practices, but it begins with the core assumption that all human ills stems
from an ignorance or inability to see ourselves as god.

Their philosophy, ritual and lifestyle is based on a "spirituality" that
places primary importance on discovering your own divinity. Once they lead
their candidates to discover their own divinity, they are encouraged to
nurture and use their new powers in a variety of ways. Of course, there is
a biblical response to all of this:

		1. The essence of God and the essence of man
                         are not one and the same. See, Rom. 1:25-26;
                         Eccl. 5:2; Ezek. 28:1,2; Deut. 4:35;
                         1 Cor. 8:6.

                    2. Human begins do not enjoy
			unlimited potential. See, Prov. 3:5;
                         	Jer. 10:23.

                    3. There are moral absolutes. See, Jer. 10:23;
			Psa. 19:7-11.

                    4. In the Bible, there is resurrection, not
			 reincarnation. See, Heb. 9:27,28;
			 Jno. 5:28,29.

		 5.  Pantheism is not the biblical concept
			of deity. Isa. 6:3; Rom. 1:23,25;
                         	Psa. 83:18.


                    6. GENERAL STATEMENTS AGAINST NEW
                         AGE: Isa. 2:6; Isa. 8:19,20;
                         Jno. 14:6; Col. 3:17; Acts
                         13:4-12; Rev. 21:8.

Where would you expect to find these influences? California, a
counter-culture village in New Mexico, or in a showcase center in Baca,
Colorado (financed by Shirley MacLaine)? How about DISNEYLAND?

Ferrell Jenkins sent me this clip from THE WALL STREET JOURNAL, Europe.
Additional comments follow the article.


From THE WALL STREET JOURNAL EUROPE
(Friday, Saturday, Mar. 17-18, 1995,
p.#3)

Disney Switches Its Focus to Adults In 'New Age' Resort

BY EBEN SHAPIRO
Staff Reporter

NEW YORK - Walt Disney Co. is going New Age.

In a jarring departure from its Mickey Mouse traditions, Disney unveiled
plans for the Disney Institute, a new resort that will offer guests
workshops on self-discovery and "reclaiming family stories." Sessions on
hydroponic gardening and relaxation techmques are among the 80 other
courses that will be offered each week. The $35 mil lion Disney Institute
is scheduled to open next February on Disney property in Orlando, Florida.


Disney's move is one of the first big attempts by a major corporation to
cash in on the New Age movement at a time when spiritual manifestos are
crowding best-seller lists and workshops on male bonding are Jammed.

The new resort comes just as Disney is ex panding beyond its traditional
theme resorts in a bid to attract more grown-ups. The com pany, which is
also building an amateur sports complex in Orlando, has recently begun
aiming new ads at what it calls " prefamilies" and "postfamilies."

Further Comments:

The New Age Movement continues to quietly gain momentum, and now, we can
no longer have confidence in or trust the innocence of

What ashamed, that we are at a place now where we can no longer trust the
innocence of an American institution like Disney, and Mickey Mouse. Why
would Disney powers jump on to the New Age bandwagon? I can think of two
possible reasons:

(1) MONEY! Many of those who are intoxicated by New Age philosophy are
yuppies; you know, upwardly mobile, good incomes, "sophisticated" children.
Reporter Shapiro is accurate; this is a major corporation cashing in on
something that attractive to the folks who have some lesiure time, money
and credit lines.

(2) INFLUENCE. If we were to look into this, and do some investigating, we
might discover that some of the young executives who were part of this
decision were sent to a New Age training seminar for management; or,
they've been reading the New Age books, or going to a New Age therapists.

But whatever the reasons, let the buyer (and parents) beware: the next
time you go to Orlando, Mickey may tell you about his past life, or whisper
his mantra in your ear. Remember the biblical response.

"But to us there is but one God, the Father, of whom are all things, and
we in him; and one Lord Jesus Christ, by whom are all things, and we by
him." (1 Corinthians 8:6, KJV).

---> For a free tract on the New Age Movement, send your name and mailing
address with request for the tract to: WEB47@AOL.com


++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Secrets of the Temple
by: THE NEW AMERICAN

The Spring 1995 issue of The Temple of Understanding newsletter includes
an essay by former UN Assistant Secretary-General Robert Muller entitled
"Preparing for the Next Millenium." Dr. Muller served 38 years as a United
Nations "civil servant," and for the past ten years -- since his retirement
in 1985 -- has served as chancellor of the UN's University for Peace in
Costa Rica. He is best known as a perfervid New Age apostle of "global
spirituality" and proudly accepts the title of the "father of global
education." He is the author of the World Core Curriculum now in use in
schools worldwide.

Speaking of the spiritual significance of the approaching year 2000,
Muller opines in his Temple essay: "In my view, from all perspectives --
scientific, political, social, economic and ideological -- humanity finds
itself in the pregnancy of an entirely new and promising age: the global,
interdependent, universal age ... the birth of the global brain, heart,
senses and soulto humanity, of a holistic consciousness of our place in
the universe and on this planet, and of our role and destiny in them."

What's more, says the metaphysical savant, "We must, together, create an
agency within the UN and perhaps an independent United Religions
Secretariat. What an incredible challenge that would offer to the United
Nations, and what untold good it would bring to humanity, which desperately
needs a moral and spiritual Renaissance."

According to the newsletter, Muller and Juliet Hollister, founder of the
Temple of Understanding, were recently honored as recipients of the
"Eleanor Roosevelt award for profound contributions to humanity," given by
the Center for International Dialogue at an awards ceremony at Georgetown
University. The Center for International Dialogue, formerly known as the
Center for Soviet/American Dialogue, is one of the many disinformation
vehicles used by the Kremlin to deceive the West. The Center has sponsored
more than 1,000 projects between Russia and the United States in its
ten-year history.

More Muller Musings

The Albert Schweitzer Institute for the Humanities and Quinnipiac College
Press of Hamden, Connecticut have published a monograph by Robert Muller
entitled Framework for the Year 2000, the 21st Century and the Third
Millenium.

Comprised of a series of speeches and ruminations by globalist guru
Muller, it provides a useful (and frightening) insight into the spiritual
"vision" taking shape at the UN. Muller calls for "a world society no
longer stifled by absolute, obsolete and abusive national sovereignty," and
a "World Disarmament Agency" under the UN to bring about "a totally
disarmed planet." As always, however, when world disarmers talk about
"totally disarmed," they're playing fast and loose with rhetoric. What they
really mean is that nations will be totally disarmed; the UN's World
Disarmament Agency will, of necessity, still be armed.

Among the many things Muller sees as hopefully coming to pass between 1995
and the year 2000 are the following:

"The United Nations flag and emblem gain worldwide affection as the
planetary symbols of one world and one human family. The UN emblem is
displayed on all vessels, aircraft and satellites.... Some countries adopt
a new flag showing their national flag on one side and the UN flag on the
other."

"A World Core Curriculum and a Planetary Management Curriculum are adopted
by UNESCO as common guides for proper Global Education in all schools and
universities of Earth. 1996 is proclaimed International Year of Global
Education."

"The taboo subject of world taxation appears at long last on the world
agenda. Strong measures are taken to combat world fiscal evasion.... A
world tax system is planned."

THE NEW AMERICAN -- July 10, 1995
Copyright 1995 -- American Opinion Publishing, Incorporated
P.O. Box 8040, Appleton, WI  54913

SUBSCRIPTIONS: $39.00/year (26 issues)

WRITTEN PERMISSION FOR REPOSTING REQUIRED: Released for informational
purposes to allow individual file transfer and non-commercial mail-list
transfer only. All other copyright privileges are reserved.


++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


WHY NOT WORLD GOVERNMENT?
by William F. Jasper

World peace through world government and world law.  It is an ancient idea
that has fastened itself mightily on the minds of men in many ages. Never
before, however, has our human race been so close to inaugurating this
utopian "ideal", to establishing and empowering government on a planetary
scale.

But our planet and our age have had more than passing acquaintance with
utopias empowered. And without exception, the promises of the utopian dream
have yielded to dystopian nightmares. The tens of millions of victims of
Lenin, Fidel, Pol Pot, Amin, Lumumba, Qhadaffi, Khomeini, and dozens of
other utopic despots cry out to us. They warn us against the utopian siren
call. They warn us of the fundamental truth embodied in George Washington's
definition of government:

	Government is not reason; it is not eloquence; it is force! Like
	fire, it is a dangerous servant and a fearful master.

World government, of course, would necessitate WORLDWIDE force ---
unprecedented power on a global scale. Make no mistake about it, that is
what the advocates of "an empowered United Nations" are really after. And
what is most disturbing is that they have very nearly succeeded in grasping
hold of this power, without most inhabitants of this planet having the
slightest idea of what is being planned for them.

CALL FOR WORLD GOVERNMENT

Since World War II, calls for world government and an end to national
sovereignty have proliferated, usually emanating from individuals
associated with organizations such as the Council on Foreign Relations
(CFR) and the World Federalist Association (WFA). Below are but a few of
many examples that could be cited.

	* In 1950, a "Preliminary Draft of a World Constitution" authored by
	CFR globalists Robert M. Hutchins, Rexford G. Tugwell, and others was
	introduced in Congress by Senator Glen Taylor (D-ID). The submitted
	World Constitution declared that "iniquity and war inseparably spring
	from the competitive anarchy of the national states; that therefore
	the age of nations must end." It held as well that nations must
	"surrender their arms" to the proposed "Federal Republic of the
	World."

	* In 1960, Rhodes Scholar Walt Whitman Rostow (CFR) claimed that
	urgent imperatives "argue strongly for movement in the direction of
	federalized world organization under effective international law" and
	for "effective international control of military power." The real
	world problem, said Rostow, is "national sovereignty", and "it is
	therefore an American interest to see an end to nationhood as it has
	been historically defined." Incredibly, Rostow was given a top spot
	in the Kennedy State Department.

	* In 1961, the Kennedy State Department brought forth an official
	policy entitled "Freedom from War: The United States Program for
	General and Complete Disarmament in a Peaceful World (Department of
	State Publication 7277)". This amazing document proposed a plan of
	"progressive controlled disarmament" in which all national armaments,
	including those of the United States, would be transferred to the
	United Nations". This disarmament "would proceed to a point where no
	state would have the military power to challenge the progressively
	strengthened U.N. Peace Force."

	* On Earth Day, April 22, 1970, Norman Cousins (CFR), the long-time
	president of the United World Federalists (now the World Federalist
	Association), proclaimed, "Humanity needs world order. The fully
	sovereign nation is incapable of dealing with the poisoning of the
	environment... The management of the planet...requires a world
	government."


FAST FORWARD 25 YEARS

The appeals for world government muiltiplied with the approach of the UN's
50th anniversary in 1995.

	* In a June 22, 1993 letter on White House stationery to the World
	Federalist Association, President Bill Clinton congratulated the WFA
	on awarding the Norman Cousins Global Governance Award to the
	president's longtime friend and No. 2 State Department appointee,
	Strobe Talbot (CFR). Clinton's letter boasted, "Norman Cousins (CFR)
	worked for world peace and world government... Best wishes... for
	future success."

	* In the World Bank's 1994 Human Development Report, an essay by
	Nobel Prize-winning economist Jan Tinbergen, entitled "Global
	Governance for the 21st Century," declares: "Mankind's problems can
	no longer be solved by national governments. What is needed is a
	World Government." And this government, says he, should be empowered
	with a "World Police" and a program for "the redistribution of world
	income."


UNLIMITED POWER KILLS

The real problem we face, however, is that these appeals and proposals are
now being implemented through United Nations treaties and conventions which
are establishing "supranational institutions" with REAL power and force.
Lord Acton's famous dictum that "Power tendsto corrupt and absolute power
corrupts absolutely" is a sobering truism acknowledged by all intelligent
people. To this maxim should be added what we might call the Rummel
Corollary: "Power kills and absolute Power kills absolutely." R.J. Rummel,
a professor of political science at the University of Hawaii, has spent the
past eight years of his life in an intensive study of a very grim but
important phenomenon of our century: genocide and government mass murder,
or what he calls "democide". He has thus far produced four powerful and
harrowing books, the latest volume being, "Death by Government"
(Transaction, 1994). "The more power a government has," notes Dr. Rummel,
"the more it can act arbitrarily according to the whims and desires of the
elite and murder its foreign and domestic subjects. The more constrained
the power of governments, the more power is diffused, checked and balanced,
the less it will aggress on others and commit democide."

One graph in his newest book lists the top 15 of "this century's
megamurderers -- those states killing in cold blood, aside from warfare, 1
million or more men, women and children." The bloodiest of those criminal
regimes -- the USSR and Red China -- were not only invited into the United
Nations, but were given special status on the UN Security Council!

The UN could (and does) accommodate these megamurderers because "the rule
of law," in UN terms, is radically, fundamentally different from the "rule
of law" as understood by the American Founding Fathers and as embodied in
our Constitution. Whereas the U.S. Constitution is rooted in the
traditional Western and Judeo-Christian legal concepts fo divine law and
natural law which circumscribe the limits of government power and posit
individual God-given rights which it is government's duty to protect, the
United Nations Charter is based in the framework of positivist legal theory
which virtually guarantees unrestrained, despotic government.

All of its empty platitudes about "peace," "justice," "law," and "human
rights" notwithstanding, the UN is a lawless organization made up largely
of criminal regimes pursuing a malevolent, tyrannical agenda. A global,
regimented police state under the UN would mean a grim existence -- if,
that is, you are one of the "lucky" ones ALLOWED TO EXIST. One sure thing
Dr. Rummel's research points up with unmistakable clarity is this:  "Power
will achieve its murderous potential."  Ponder for a moment then this
mind-numbing summary of already "realized" potential:

	In total, during the first eighty-eight years of this century, almost
	170 million men, women, and children have been shot, beaten,
	tortured, knifed, burned, starved, frozen, crushed, or worked to
	death; buried alive, drowned, hung, bombed, or killed in any other of
	the myriad ways governments have inflicted death on unarmed, helpless
	citizens and foreigners. The dead could conceivably be nearly 360
	million people. It is as though our species has been devastated by a
	modern Black Plague. And indeed it has, but a plague of Power, not of
	germs.

Surely the human mind cannot even begin to conceive the enormity of the
global slaughter that would certainly accompany the "Plague of Power"
issuing from a world government under any entity other than God Himself.

The John Birch Society
Appleton, WI 59413-8040
(414) 749-3783

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


THE TRUTH IS IN THE AIR

How Near Are We to Christ's Return?

Jesus gives us a clue as to the time, or season, of His return in the book
of Matthew. He refers to Israel as the fig tree and tells us when Israel
once again becomes a nation, as they did on May 14, 1948 after nearly 1900
years of scattered exile, this generation shall not pass without witnessing
His return. We are living in that era now (Matthew 24:32-51).

	The book of Revelation, written by John on the Isle of Patmos, contains
detailed prophecies of the events surrounding Christ's return, many of
which are being fulfilled every day. For example, John foresees an army of
200 million advancing from the East. China now has that many. According to
Revelation 16:12, this army will cross the Euphrates River on dry ground.
In 1990, Turkey built a dam which could make this possible. Earthquakes,
plagues, weather changes and a falling away of the churches are all
occurring as prophesied. Christians look up-you redemption draweth nigh!

	You can expect perilous times from now until the end. As for the time of
His return, no man shall know the day or the hour, but we should all heed
the signs. Paul says in I Thessalonians 5:4-6, "Let us not sleep as others
do but watch and be sober." Whether you believe it or not, God has set an
appointed time with destiny which cannot be evaded or postponed. Since the
turn of the century we have seen world wars, civil wars, famine communism,
dictatorships, terrorism and the collapse of family valued. It has already
started to happen and will get much worse.

	The good news is you can have faith in Jesus, who shed His blood for all
mankind and who promises eternal life (Romans 6:23). His promise is found
in I Thessalonians 4:16-18.

The Thrilling Promise from Jesus

	"For the Lord Himself shall descend form heaven with a shout, with the
voice of an archangel and with trumpet call of God; and the dead in Christ
shall rise first. Then we who are alive and remain shall be caught up
together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air; and we shall
forever be with the Lord. Wherefore, console one another with these words."

How the Establishment of the New World Order Fulfills Prophecy

	Scripture forewarns the revival of the Roman Empire as a sign that
end-time events are in motion. The result will be a One World government,
One World economy and One World religion. Read Daniel 2,4,7,and 9. The New
World Order which world leaders so enthusiastically herald will be led by
ten nations. A charismatic leader will arise and take control of this
confederacy by confirming a peace covenant between Israel and many nations.
(Daniel 9:27). He will be the antichrist. A false messiah. The Bible says
this man will be mighty and perform miracles. If possible even the very
elect will be deceived(Matthew 24:2-4). With the calamity surrounding the
establishment of this new world order, (read Ezekial 38 and 39), peace and
prosperity will reign for 3.5 years. Then all hell will break loose. The
antichrist will set himself up in the Jewish temple as God. The ensuing 3.5
years of tribulation will be so severe that few will survive.

	The good news is, the church of Jesus Christ will be spared from the
seven year reign of the antichrist and false prophet. All born again
Christians will be with Jesus during this period and then return with Him
to triumph at the final Battle of Armageddon (Revelation 3:10-11). Jesus
will then establish His kingdom on earth for 1000 years (Zechariah 14).

	Beware of New Age philosophies and cults trying to deceive. The Bible
warns of these: "Therefor, test the spirits and make sure they are of God."
Instead they teach that you yourself can achieve Christ consciousness or
become Godlike. They believe that in the year 2000 they will usher in a New
Age kingdom and rule. Furthermore, they admit this cannot be done without
first removing Christians from the world, a process wickedly referred to as
'spiritual cleansing. 'Dear Christian brothers and sisters, stand firm in
your faith.

The Countdown Has Started

	The Epistle of Barnabas and many other early Christian writings taught
there would be 6000 years of man's unjust self-governing then a 1000 year
Millennium in which Christ would rule. Victorinus, Bishop of Petau, wrote
in around A.D. 270; "the true and just Sabbath should be observed the
seventh Millennium of years. Wherefore, to those seven days the Lord
attributed to each a thousand years". (2 Peter 3:8 and Psalm 90) The
antichrist will rule for seven years. (Daniel 9:27) If a peace pact is
confirmed soon, where does that place the Rapture of the church? Where does
that leave you?

	If you are left on earth during the seven year reign of the antichrist
(false messiah, do not accept the mark of the beast, the number 666, or you
will be condemned eternally to Hell. (Revelation 14:9-10)
	We are living in the most critical time in the history of the world. The
proliferation of nuclear weapons, ethnic  tensions and aggressive behavior
are out of control. As a spiritually reborn Christian you have nothing to
fear. You can be with Jesus during the terrible rule of the antichrist and
then return with Christ when He sets up His kingdom, where all is peace and
harmony. If you think this article is a fairy tale, read Revelation
chapters 13, 14, and 19.

How Can You Be Sure You Are Ready?

	My friend, Jesus did it all on the cross, without the shedding of His
blood there would be no redemption (Romans 5:80. Jesus said;"I am the way,
the truth, and the life, no man cometh unto the Father but by me." (John
14:6) Christ also told Nicodemus; "you must be born again to see the
Kingdom of God." (John 3:3) Become born again today and live you life for
Jesus and spend eternity with the Lord. The Rapture is near, Jesus could
come today! Our prayer is that you will be ready and that multitudes find
the narrow path that prepares them for this final event. Read John 3:16.

If you desire to have a personal relationship with God through His Son
Jesus Christ, please pray this prayer: Dear God I am a sinner and repent of
my sins. I need Jesus Christ to come into my life and become my Lord and
Savior. I accept His sacrifice on the cross and the penalty and payment for
my sins. Thank you for loving me and for giving me a second chance. I give
my life to you in Jesus name.

"For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved." Read
Romans 10:9-11 & 10:13, John 14:1-3, Revelation 3:20, I Peter 2:2, Hebrews
10:25, Philippians 4:6-7, Ephesians 2:8,9

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Visa to test stored-value cards

Visa International recently announced a pilot project using stored-value
cards. These cards,containing a microchip,store electronic funds and are to
be used in place of cash at participating retail outlets and fast food
chains,and in vending machines and newspaper boxes.

Visa Canada has said that it will be participating in the pilot project in
an area that has not yet been disclosed. Visa Canada will work in
cooperation with banks that will issue the cards and with merchants who
agree to participate in the test. According to a March 24,1995 report in
the Toronto Star,"Vending machines,newspaper boxes,laundromats,convenience
stores and fast food outlets are just some of the places that Visa thinks
can be weaned off cash and switched to the chip card."

"Three United States banks hope to have 5,000 merchants signed up to the
smart card system in time for the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta...."MasterCard
plans to launch its cash card in the U.S. next week,Reuters news service
reported."

SLOWLY,but surely the cashless society that has been feared is being
forced upon us in a way that is nothing less than ingenious. Right in front
of our very eyes!!  There has been a school of thought throughout history
that says, If you want to hide something,put it out in plain sight. It will
be overlooked and mistakenly ignored.

More and more money is now being controlled by fewer and fewer people.
When the time is right, those who have control of the money will give their
authority to the beast as it states in Revelation 17:12  "The ten horns you
saw are ten kings who have not yet received a kingdom, but who for one hour
will receive authority as kings along with the beast.
13  They have one purpose and will give their power and authority to the beast.
14  They will make war against the Lamb, but the Lamb will overcome them
because he is Lord of lords and King of kings--and with him will be his
called, chosen and faithful followers."

Isn't it comforting to know and understand that this global plot, that is
now being hatched will not succeed? We have the word of our God and Savior
on it! But that doesn't mean we should stand back or sit on the
sidelines,we need to be active and keep an eye open. For the threats to our
freedom are very real and need to be exposed when ever and where ever they
are found

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

European Union Focuses on Currency

Brussels-European Union plans to merge national currencies into one by the
end of the century will be the focus of attention when the bloc's finance
ministers meet in Luxembourg.The ministers will have before them documents
from the European Commission pointing out that of the 15 EU members only
Luxembourg,Ireland and Germany so far meet key single currency criteria on
public finances.

When the currencies of the world all come to be valued the same,then watch
for a global currency to be issued. I've been watching the struggle between
the the Dollar and the Japanese Yen and other major world currencies. There
seems to be a plan afoot to force these currencies to a matching value
level. The closer that the value of the Dollar comes to the value of the
Yen,the closer we come to a global currency. So here is an area to keep an
eye on when it comes to global finance. We already have a Global Stock
Market and Global banking,so the time must come when we also have a Global
Currency to trade with. We have the means to trade globally,via bank credit
cards and other forms of electronic banking. The only thing that stands in
the way is the standard global currency...

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Teachers Declare October Gay / Lesbian History Month

At its recent annual conference, the National Education Association passed
an official resolution calling on teachers in every school district of this
country (USA) to observe October as "Gay/Lesbian History Month". The
resolution was adopted by an overwhelming 2 to 1 margin.

The extent to which children will be affected in schoolrooms across
America is uncertain. But several school districts are already planning
special homosexual events, displays, films, and guest speakers.

President Clinton drew from the NEA for key roles in his administration
and in government. He even appointed and NEA member to organize the
Democratic National Convention itself.

Speaking before the NEA conference, President Clinton told delegates " I
believe.. we have had a partnership I promised... You and I are joined in a
common cause, and I believe we will succeed."

In Northern California 2 teachers were suspended because they had 2
homosexuals, which discussed how homosexual sex was "great" and went into
detail of how homosexual sex was performed. These "special Guests" spoke to
a classroom of 10 and 11 year old children. They (the teachers) did not
inform the parents about this "special event." The parents went to the
school board and complained. The board had the teachers fired. The teachers
have taken the case to court.


*****************************************************

NEW AGE UPDATE
By Rudy Hulstrom

This is the text of the September 1995 issue of New Age Update.New Age
Update is a Christian response to the New Age and New World Order along
with its agenda of global government. It is a monthly publication produced
by Rudy Hulstrom 1504 Cardinal.Melrose Park,IL.60160. E-Mail address is
102551.1063@Compuserve.Com

*********************************************************
Worldwide Water Shortage??
Chicago Tribune 8/7/95

Washington- The World will spend $600 billion over the next decade to
augment water reserves,as demand,spurred by urbanization and agriculture
outstrips available supplies,according to the World Bank.
	
"We are warning the world that there is ahuge problem looming out
there,"said Ismail Serageldin,a bank vice president."Unless current trends
are reversed,we will have a worsening water crisis around the planet".
	
Crisis Management?
	
Let's stop right here and take a short course in crisis management. This
has worked for hundreds of years in order to get the required result.
Crisis management is simply: 1. finding a problem. 2. Blowing that problem
way out of proportion.3.Offering your own special solution to the problem.

Now let's get back to this article.

This is crisis management step 1.
		
 It says,With the world's population expected to expand from todays 5.6
billion to 8 billion in 2025,demands on water for households,industries and
irrigation will grow rapidly. Meanwhile the supply is increasingly being
contaminated by pollution from industry,domestic waste and farm
chemicals,the World Bank paper said.

This is crisis management step 2.

"The water problem in most countries stems not from a shortage of water
but rather from its inefficient and unsustainable use,"Serageldin said. "We
need to change our attitudes toward water and stop wasting it." Most
countries with limited water are in the Middle East,Noeth Africa,central
Asia and sub-Saharan Africa,where populations are growing fatest. Other
regions facinf scarcity are Northern China,southern India,western South
America and parts of Pakistan and Mexico.

Global demand for water,which historically has increased at arate of 2.3
percent per year,doubling very 21 years,MUST BE SLOWED,the paper said.

Irrigation consumes 90% of all water used in poor countries,the report
said,but up to half of that is wasted and never reaches plants (could it be
that the people are using it stay alive,you know,by drinking it?) an
average of 40% of water leaving treatment plants in Third World cities is
lost.

"The experts all agree on the need to do something fast,"The main problem
is the lack of political will to carry out these recommendations."said
Serageldin

This is crisis management step 3.

It recommended that the problem be addresed by establishing
associations(global governing bodies )of river and lake users to manage
water,and by SELLING WATER at prices high enough to encourage conservation.
(What a great way to decrease the use of water,simply charge for it and
those who can't afford it will die of thirst.This also solves the problem
of the ever growing world population ).Bring yourself up to date on the
world population "problem"by ordering the"Population Report",it's on this
months flyer for the special price of $1.oo.
	
The World Bank estimated that $600 Billion will be invested in projects to
increase clean water output in the next 10 years.

Most will come from user countries,but 10% of the money will come from
abroad,mainly as aid for poor countries. The World Bank will participate
with loans of up to $40 billion.
 (will they loan them the money to buy the water??)

BUT YOU MUST DO IT OUR WAY!

"But the World Bank will not fund projects that look only at irrigation or
only at municipal use",Serageldin said."We want to see how their use fits
into the greater claim on this precious resource." That translates into do
it our way or no money.
	
Now you can see how the The New World Order,through its organization of
globalist leaders can squeeze what they want out  anyone,including the
United States of America.
	
**********************************************************

A Few of the favorite things offered and used by the New Age Movement and
New World Order.

As you will see,the New Age landscape is littered with bizarre rituals,
idolatry, ideas, concepts and teachings. Among these are
Reincarnation,fanasy books and role playing.  Games such as Dungeons and
Dragons and Wizards and Warriors.
		
There is WhiteMagic,BlackMagic,Sorcery,Shamanism, Polytheism.

Occult symbols such as Swastika,Pentagram,Circle,Triangle,Unicorn etc.
	
Holistic Mediums such as,Polarity Therapy (sounds like a rock group),
Acupuncture/Pressure, Reflexology,Rebirthing...etc. Physical tests and
Sports; like Ninja, the Martial Arts,Yoga,etc. Occult Objects and Idols;
Figurines, Pyramids, Crystals,etc. Psychology;
Visualization,Meditation,Healing of memories,etc.

Other products of the New Age include the following: UFO's and E.T.s.
Witchcraft and Satan Worship,Astrology and Horoscopes,Tarot Cards,Ouija
Boards,Palm Readings,Fire Walking,Seances,Mediums and Spirit Channeling.

Other tools include,Home learning textbooks, study manuals,Sunday School Curricula,Parenting/Psychology self-help books.

Some of the organaizations and associations include these; Planetary
Initiative for the world we choose,Assoc.for Humanistic
Psychology,Assoc.for Research and Enlightenment(ARE),The Club of Rome,The
Global Education Associates,United Nations Association,Planetary Citizens,
Y.W.C.A.(teaching New Age courses),Girl Scouts of America/Boy Scouts of
America(both of these are being taught New Age
philosophy),N.A.S.A(executives being taught
EST,ZEN,Buddhism,Gestalt,Focusing.
World Council of Churches,National Council of Churches.

There are plenty more that could be listed here and we will but space is
limited so we will list them as space permits.
	

****************************************************************

Study Urges Bold Changes to Spur Savings
Washington-7/25/95

Banking on Social Security and other entitlements for their future
income,millions of middle-aged and older Americans have distressingly
little household wealth,according to a study.
A Rand Corp.study indicated that many Americans over 50 have no assets and
prompted its author,labor economist James Smith,to call for"bold" public
policy changes to encourage savings.

Those changes would include:Revamping Social Security so it is the prime
source of income for only the poorest elderly.Institute a consumption
tax.Forcing all workers to set aside part of their earnings for retirement.

Under the New World Order the three"changes"that are being offered would
put all the people under a tighter yoke of slavery than is already being
experienced. Let's Take a look at these"changes".
	
"Revamping Social Security"making it the prime source of income for only
the pooest elderly.

It seems that those of us who have been paying into Social Security all
these years would be not be allowed access to it if you didn't need it.
	
Instituting a consumption tax. Do you realize that this is simply a
national sales tax ? Just what we need,another tax that would take away
more of the hard earned money that we have left to live on.
	
Now get this! this last item shows you the audacity of this New World
Order. They want a "change" (that means a new law )forcing all workers to
set aside part of their earnings for retirement.
	
Am I missing something here? Isn't that what Social Security is supposed
to do?
	
I see it now, What they are saying is that you and me and countless
millions of American workers are too stupid to save any money for our
future.So as good dictators of the coming one world government,they want to
take control of the rest of our hard earned money for us,because in their
way of thinking we can't do it for ourselves. That's the way it will be
under the New World Order folks.
	
They refuse to face the fact that the taxes we pay already are the reason
that so many can't put any money away for their future.

***********************************************************
PA Files Complaint
	
Here's one that you must read to believe!
	
The U.S.Environmental Protection Agency has filed a complaint against
Metra that claims the commuter train agency put the environment,and
possibly the employees,at risk by improperly monitoring equipment at it's
Harvey, Il.facility that requires use of hazardous PCB's.

Though Metra riders were never exposed to the potential
carcinogen,employees working at the maintenance facility may have been at
risk,said Don de Blasio,a regional spokesman for the EPA, EPA has
recommended a fine of $46,000.

Read it over again and you find that nothing happened to endanger anyone
or anything, but the company should be fined anyway,according to EPA!

It's also interesting to see that humanity comes in second to the
environment,even when there has been no actual damage.

I guess that you can thank the EPA for the next increase in train fares
too...somebody will have to pay for the fines.

They probably don't even take the train. This is just another example of
the power that has been given to this agency of the New World Oder. It
seems that if they think that a problem has arisen,that is good enough to
slap heavy fines on any unsuspecting company.

*******************************************************************

On the Religion page of the Chicago Tribune 7/14/95

Paul Galloway,the writer of On Religion,a collumn that covers a wide
variety of religious belief and expression,has this to say concerning The
Anti-Christ and the Rapture of the church.

He uses refernces from a book titled" Antichrist:Two Thousand Years of the
Human Fascination With Evil", by Bernard McGinn,who teaches historical
theology at the University of Chicago Divinity School And "Naming the
Antichrist;The History of an American Obsession,by Robert Fuller,professor
of religious studies at Bradley University.
	
               SCRIPTURE REDUCED TO "LEGEND"
	
"Attempts to name the Antichrist,Fuller writes,tell much about a
particular American period's"latent hopes and fears". This view is shared
by McGinn,who declares that"the most important message....is what (the
legend )has to tell us about our present attitudes toward evil."

The word"antichrist"appears only 4 times in Scripture (directed toward
Christians condemned as heretics )and nowhere in Revelation,the only
apocalyptic book in the New Testament."
( Hey boys and girls the word antichrist was and is directed at anyone who
denies that Jesus is the Christ.)

Let's stop right here and take a look 1 John 3 18

18  Dear children, this is the last hour; and as you have heard that the
antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have come. This is how we
know it is the last hour.
19  They went out from us, but they did not really belong to us. For if
they had belonged to us, they would have remained with us; but their going
showed that none of them belonged to us.
20  But you have an anointing from the Holy One, and all of you know the truth.
21  I do not write to you because you do not know the truth, but because
you do know it and because no lie comes from the truth.
22  Who is the liar? It is the man who denies that Jesus is the Christ.
Such a man is the antichrist--he denies the Father and the Son.
23  No one who denies the Son has the Father; whoever acknowledges the Son
has the Father also.

This bit of scripture clearly says that ANYONE who denies that Jesus is
the Christ,is antichrist.Not just those who falsley claim to be Christian!

He goes on to say that"some think scripture signals how history
ends;others think the notion's absurd.McGinn proposes to take the
beliefs"seriously but not literally".

"The Roman Catholic Churh and most major Protestant groups do the
same,generally ignoring the subject while subscribing to St.Augustine's
view that Scripture doesn't foretell the future."

 I guess he hasn't read the Book of Revelation,Daniel,Ezekiel or any of
the other 25% of the Bible that is prophetic!

***********************************************************

About this"V"chip to control television programs.

The notion first floated in Congress a few years ago as a component added
to TV sets that would filter TV fare so children wouldn't see violent
shows.

This is just another attempt by the New World Order to take control of
what you are free to see. Granted there are some truly offensive,violent
and disgusting things that are being broadcast into our homes,but we don't
need another law to tell us what we already know.

Parental responsibility is what is needed.Which includes teaching our
children right from wrong and the right to discipline that child in the
proper manner when when he/she rebels. Today we can't discipline our
children without the fear of being arrested for child abuse.

So the New World Order,in it's wisdom,says move over parents,we will take
responsibility for what your children will watch and learn, over the
airwaves and in our schools.

Remember that without total control,the New World Order will fall apart.
This is why they need you to accept them as the great benefactor and the
so-called salvation of mankind.
		
******************************************************************

Universal Health Coverage is on the Move Again!

Washington,D.C.--Sens.Nancy Kassebaum and Edward Kennedy introduced the
first major bipartisan health legislation of this Congress,a bill designed
to require insurance companies to cover people with existing medical
problems and to enable workers to keep insurance when they leave their
jobs.

The bill would provide the sort of incremental change that Republicans
last year urged President Clinton to accept,instead of pushing for sweeping
legislation that would have reinvented the nation's health care system.

Kennedy has long been a champion of proposals to insure all Americans but
he told the Senate that"even though some people might consider this a
modest step,I think it is an extremely important one".

The bill,which already has the sponsorship of 12 of the 16 members of the
Labor Committee,would require any insurance company that offers individual
policies to sell one to anyone who had group insurance and lost it for any
reason. It would also prohibit insurers from denying insurance to people
with"pre-existing conditions".

This is just another way of coming in through the back door with the
universal health care that was soundly defeated by the American people.
Please remember that they want complete control and this is one more way of
getting it.

Don't forget the"Universal Health Care I.D.Card that was created. You
don't think that they were destroyed do you??Hmmmmmmmmmmm.

***********************************************************************

Drug Testing Upgraded??

Here is a letter to the editor of the Chicago Tribune that I found to be
intriguing:
	
Downers Grove,IL--"I could feel the knee-jerk reaction against the Supreme
Court's decision to allow drug testing of public school students."

"Those partaking of public funds should be subject to testing to ensure
that they are not in violation of the laws of the land. Perhaps this
decision can allow us to find others in our communities who are drug
users."

"It stands to reason that if the students are to be subject to random
tests,so,too,should the teachers,administrators,bus drivers,suppliers of
goods to the schools. Whoever is at the school when drug testing is
announced should be tested."

"If we expand this to other areas,the benefits are immediately obvious.
For example, anyone who entered a hospital would be tested for
drugs.Services could be refused to illegal drug users. I am sure that would
save Cook County Hospital a few bucks.. Also,we could randomly test the
staff to ensure that no one was under the influence of drugs while
working."

"If we take this just one step further,we could use this logic to randomly
test anyone for drugs. When people drive on the public highways (or walk on
the sidewalks),they are using a government provided infrastructure. Random
roadside stops to have people give urine samples would be appropriate."
Yes,I think we should all get behind this ruling.We can make this a drug
free society."

This is exactly the kind of thinking that will give more control to the
New World Order,and to think that this person is actually asking to be
tested for drugs. But that is how it will be as we get closer to that
day.People will not only ask for more control,but will demand it from the
very government that wants it in the first place. Ironic,isn't it?

*****************************************************

Those Mergers Keep on Coming!

A merger creating the nation's largest rail network was approved
unanimously by the Interstate Commerce Commission. After the 4-0
vote,commissioners said they would decide whether to attach conditions to
the $4 billion merger of Burlington Northern Inc.and Santa Fe Pacific Corp.

The new rail network would stretch from Canada to Mexico,with 33,000 miles
of track in the Midwest,West and Southeast.It would have about $7 billion
in annual revenue and dominate rail cargo in the West.

Here is another example of "the Golden Rule"theory of finance,those who
own the gold,rule.More and more we keep seeing the smaller companies being
gobbled up by the larger more powerful corporations.That simply means that
more and more money is being controlled by fewer and fewer people.
Soon,only a handful of global financiers will make the decisions concerning
the monetary affairs of the world.

***********************************************************

First Case for Parapsychology??

Denver- Virginia Mae Morrow,the housewife whose hypnosis-induced tale of a
past life as a 19th century Irishwoamn,Bridey Murphy,created a sensation in
the 1950's gas died at 70.

In a 1971 AP interview,she said"People have told me they think the whole
field of parapsychology opened from it".

She said she was not a firm believer in reincarnation but thought it was a
possibility. "I want someone else to prove it to me as I can't think
rationally about it."

The Hypnotist,a business man named Morey Bernstein wrote"The Search for
Bridey Murphey",a book that became a best seller and touched off bitter
controversy over the claims of reincarnation. Bernstein said Ms.Morrow's
account was spun over a half dozen sessions in the early 50'swhen she was a
housewife in Pueblo,Colorada,named Virginia Tighe.

The account,allegedly given in a thick Irish accent,nothing like
Ms.Morrow's normal speech,related that Bridey Murphey lived from 1789 to
1865,first in Cork,Ireland and later in Belfast. It said she married a man
named Brian MacCarthy and gave details about places and events.

In later years,Ms.Morrow claimed to remember little about the
hypnosis,which she said she underwent in an effort to rid herself of severe
alergies."If I had known what was going to happen,I'd never have lain down
on that couch,"she once said.

So now you know the beginning of the current trend of so-called past life
regression and the renewed interest in reincarnation. As you can see this
was not a frontal attack on the intelligence of the people,but one simple
offering of "alternative"thought. And that my friends is how it begins.


**********************************************************************

A Channelled Message by the Master through Benjamin Creme of the Tara Center.
	
The following is an excerpt from The Emergence,a monthly letter from the
Tara Center,a New Age think tank and headquarters for Maitreya,who is to be
known as the World Teacher. This message was "channelled" or spoken by a
demon,or evil spirit through benjamin Creme,the spokesman for the"Master".

In this message you will plainly see that the goal of world government
through"sharing"with the"third world" is one of the ploys used by the New
World Order to lower the standard of living here in the United States,not
to raise the standards of thethird world countries"

They also make mention of the Divine Plan. This is not to be confused with
the Plan of God as found in the pages of the Bible.It is the Plan of the
New Age/New World Order to build a world government where there are no
soveriegn nations,no borders and no freedoms that we now enjoy. This 13
point Plan was printed in the June issue of New Age Update.For a copy of
the June issue send $1.00 and your name and address to the editor...
	
This"article"goes on to say that men will someday recognize their
"divinity"that lies within themselves,and has the nerve to take the title
of "Sons of God".But the Bible says in (Galatians 3:26)  "You are all sons
of God through faith in Christ Jesus,"
So don't let them fool you with their use of"Christian"and Biblical terms.

Then he talks about the emergence of the Great Lord.that the world will
see him forthwith. Could this be the (anti-christ)who is described in 2
Thessalonians 2:7  For the secret power of lawlessness is already at work;
but the one who now holds it back will continue to do so till he is taken
out of the way.
8  And then the lawless one will be revealed, whom the Lord Jesus will
overthrow with the breath of his mouth and destroy by the splendor of his
coming.
9  The coming of the lawless one will be in accordance with the work of
Satan displayed in all kinds of counterfeit miracles, signs and wonders,
10  and in every sort of evil that deceives those who are perishing. They
perish because they refused to love the truth and so be saved.
11  For this reason God sends them a powerful delusion so that they will
believe the lie
12  and so that all will be condemned who have not believed the truth but
have delighted in wickedness.

Now that you are armed with the truth,you can go ahead and see for
yourselves that the New Age/New World Order is in fact alive and well and
completely intent on forcing there will upon an unsuspecting world
population.

"Never before in the world's history has so much depended on the decisions
now being made behind closed doors,in the political power centers of the
planet.

At long last,the political and economic realities of the present world
crisis have persuaded the men of power to address these problems. On their
deliberations rests the future well being of the world.

Until now,the"first world"nations have taken for granted their favoured
position in world affairs,and have organized economic power to their
advantage.For the first time,they turn their attention now to the fact
of"third world"deprivation,and look for mutually beneficial solutions to
the many issues which endanger world stability.

Hearkening to the cry for succour from the poorer nations,the rich prepare
to contemplate the inevitable: the need to share. This represents a vital
shift in attitudes and augers well for the future.

In past crises,man has been aided,often from behind the scenes,by his
Elder Brothers (no, not Joycelyn Elders, and no, not Dr Joyce Brothers :
editor. ) This time a new situation pertains and,in full vision and
fact,the Brothers will extend Thier counsel and insight.Thus will men be
aided in their choices and decisions;thus will they take the shortest path
to Truth.

Informed and guided by Maitreya and His Group,men will quickly end the
worst divisions in this divided world:mass poverty and starvation will fade
from sight and memory;old wounds will be healed,past wrongs forgiven.

Thus will the sons of men recommence their journey into their
divinity.Under the leadership of Maitreya and His Brothers,they will know
the meaning and purpose of their lives and,deicating themselves to the
establishment of the Divine Plan,will recognize each other as Divine Sons
of God.Thus will it be;and thus will the travail of the Great Lord be
complete.The timing of His emergence has been determined.The world will see
Him forthwith.

************************************************

An editorial by Stephan Chapman-Chicago tribune

"Americans think they place a high value on the right to privacy,but the
Constitution's chief bulwark against government snooping is being steadily
dismantled,with enthusiastic support of the public.

This weeks Supreme Court decision upholding drug tests for adolescent
athletes in public schools is the latest diminution of personal sovereignty
in the name of greater safety.

The court said in 1969 that school children don't shed their rights at the
schoolhouse door,but that was long ago in a galaxy far,far away. This court
thinks that the loss of a few liberties is not too high a price to pay to
combat illicit drugs. It has traded our birthright for a mess of pottage:
The lost rights are vital,but the contribution to the drug war is trivial."

The Camel has stuck his nose into the tent once more and is intent on
coming in all the way. Some may think that this is"good"others think that
it will only lead to more and more "government intrusion"and they are
right. You see,in  the New World Order,"government"will make all the
decisions for you and me and only "government" will have the knowledge and
authority to judge between what is acceptable behavior and what is not.
This decision by the Supreme Court is merely"Crisis Management".

They cite a"problem"and then blow it out of all proportion.Then offer
their solution to the problem,which includes more laws and regulations that
are intended to  remove as much authority from the honest citizen as
possible,without seeming obvious.

You see,the last obstacle to the New World Order is the Constitution of
the United States of America. It must be"amended"and changed and tinkered
with until it no longer has the power to stand in the face of tyranny,for
which it was written.
	
So keep looking up,our redemption draws near.

******************************************************

Your Rights As Parents Being Removed

Your rights and duty  as a parent are being illiminated before your eyes.
Those parents who truly care for their children are being stripped of their
authority to make decisions concerning their families.

In a "global"society the state will ultimately make the decisions for you
and your familiy,so the following article should be no surprise as we watch
the"New World Order"unfold.

 Judge Suspends Notification Law a second time!

A federal judge indefinitely suspended enforcement of a new Illinois law
requiring doctors to tell parents before performing abortions on their
unmarried daughters under 18.

U.S.District court Judge Hubert Will said it is too early for him to make
any decisions about the constitutionality of the law. Lawyers for the
state,who are defending the staute,agreed.

The Illinois Supreme Court hasn't handed down guidelines telling lower
courts how to administer the law.Those guidelines are at the center of the
legal battle over whether the statute is constitutional.

The guidelines will tell courts how to administer paet of the law allowing
young women to go to court to waive the notification requirement.

A 1983 law requiring parents to be told of their minor daughter's
abortions was struck down because Illinois courts had not provided a speedy
and private method for girls to bypass the notification requirement.

Will was the judge who handled the challenge to the 1983 law,and his
ruling was upheld by the 7th U.S.Court of Appeals. The ACLU of Illinois
filed the challenge.

Acting again on a request by the ACLU,Will temporarily prevented the new
parental notification law from being enforced. Gov.Edgar had signed the
measure only hours earlier.

Lawyers for the state agreed that Will's preliminary injunction would
remain in effect until the state Supreme Court comes up with rules for
administering it.

"This is how the 7th Circuit told us to handle it the last time"said
Kathleen Flahaven,an assistant attorney general."The statute is
incomplete." Lawyers for the ACLU said the group had accomplished its
interim goal.

Let me get this straight. If my minor daughter wants to kill her unborn
baby,according to the new law,passed and signed by the Governor,her
"doctor"must notify me ahead of time.

But that law was suspended so that"guidelines"can be formed as to how the
law will be "administered"

The law seems very plain to me,simply inform the parent,or legal guardian
that there is a plan to kill her unborn baby.What is so hard about that?

Apparently there is a plan to kill all the unborn babies of the world,to
reduce the size of the global population.That was the meaning and the
intent of the latest UN conference on the population.

For more information on this you must get the report "Population
Control",or Population Reduction.The truth behind Abortion,Euthanasia and
the Final Solution, In the Resource Material of New Age Update

**********************************************************

Man Dies After Snake Bites Him in Church

AP-Enigma,GA.   A man died after being bitten by a rattlesnake,which he
had taken to church because the Bible says believers"shall take up
serpents."

Dewey Bruce Hale,40,was bitten during Sunday Services at New River Free
Holiness Church and died at home late that night,the Sheriff's office said.

The death was ruled an accident. "The Sheriff's office was not called by
the family or the church,"said the Sheriff Jerry Brogdon.

Martha Hale,the victim's cousin,said the church members take the Bible
literally,particularly a passage in Mark saying that one of the signsof
those who believe in Jesus is that"they shall take up serpents."
	
The Bible also says that we are not to put the Lord our God to the test.
As we see in Luke 4:9-12   The devil led him to Jerusalem and had him stand
on the highest point of the temple. "If you are the Son of God," he said,
"throw yourself down from here.
10  For it is written: "'He will command his angels concerning you to
guard you carefully;
11  they will lift you up in their hands, so that you will not strike your
foot against a stone.'"
12  Jesus answered, "It says: 'Do not put the Lord your God to the test.'"
 Enough said!

**********************************************************

Illinois Representatives Given Vacations By New World Order!!

What do Senator Carol Mosley-Braun,Rep. John Porter,Rep. Cardiss
Collins,and Rep. Dick Durbin, have in common? They all have taken
"vacations"courtesy of the Aspen Institute.

The Aspen Institute, a gathering place for those who would transform the
United States into  part of the New World Order.It is a think tank whose
goal,like the Council on Foreign Relations, is to bring the United States
into the new millenium as leader of the global society. This report was
seen in the Chicago tribune 6/18/95. Maybe you too have seen this in your
local papers. Just how many of our"representatives"are being
given"vacations"courtesy of this New Age/New World Order organization. What
about all the other government officials who are not listed,how many of
them are being trained by "Institutes"such as these. We need to look into
this more intently,and here in the pages of New Age Update,we will do just
that.

*****************************************************

The Group of Seven,Who Are They?

Actually there are eight members of the so called G-7,or Group of Seven of
the richest industrialized nations.

They are European Union President Jacques Santer,Japanese Prime Minister
Tomiichi Murayama,German Chancellor Helmut Khol,President Bill
Clinton,Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien, French President Jacques
Chirac, British Prime Minister John Major and Italian Prime Minister
Lamberto Dino.

At a recent meeting of the G-7 in Halifax,Nova Scotia,they approved a
series of of reforms that would require nations to make more information
public about their financial and economic conditions (to bolster investor
confidence)Yea,sure.(ed)

Now get this and read it closely,"They also urged closer international
cooperation and supervision of financial institutions and markets by
regulators."a move that they said could prevent a bank collapse similar to
the failure of the Barings bank.

The most solid achievement of the meeting was an agreement to double the
$27 billion industrial country fund,called The General Agreement to
Borrow,to help prevent future financial crises. ( this is a global loan
company folks!)

In a press conference,President Clinton hailed this reform,saying that it
would mean that U.S.no longer would have to be lender of last resort when a
nation like Mexico gets into trouble.

But,he conceded he may have difficulty persuading Congress to go along
with the extra funding,which is not a cash commitment,but borrowing
authority for a new international rescue fund.The fund would be
administered by the International Monetary Fund in consultation with the
richest 10 industrial countries known as the Group of 10.

Well boys and girls,the plot thickens doesn't it? We know who the G-7 are
but who are those who make up the group of 10? This article didn't
elaborate.Are they part of the G-7 or are they another group altogether?
You really have to watch the news and read the papers to get to the bottom
of these things. But you need to read the Bible at the same.We read In the
Book of Revelation chapter 17:7  Then the angel said to me: "Why are you
astonished? I will explain to you the mystery of the woman and of the beast
she rides, which has the seven heads and ten horns.

8  The beast, which you saw, once was, now is not, and will come up out of
the Abyss and go to his destruction. The inhabitants of the earth whose
names have not been written in the book of life from the creation of the
world will be astonished when they see the beast, because he once was, now
is not, and yet will come.
9  "This calls for a mind with wisdom. The seven heads are seven hills on
which the woman sits.
10  They are also seven kings. Five have fallen, one is, the other has not
yet come; but when he does come, he must remain for a little while.
11  The beast who once was, and now is not, is an eighth king. He belongs
to the seven and is going to his destruction.
12  "The ten horns you saw are ten kings who have not yet received a
kingdom, but who for one hour will receive authority as kings along with
the beast.
13  They have one purpose and will give their power and authority to the beast.

It would seem that the formation of this global power and authority is
running at high speed and has the full support of our government,no matter
who is in the majority!


***************************************************


Resource material available from NEW AGE UPDATE

The Constitution of the Universal Federation of Pagans...This four page
document will open your eyes to the extent of Paganism,and they say there
is no organization..........................$2.00

Population Control,(or Population Reduction:The truth behind
Abortion,Euthanasia and the Final Solution....This nine page report will
show you just what the plan is for us and the rest of the
world.....................$3.00

Welcome to Amerikka...Freedom is Dead! Communism Flourishes...The former
Soviet Union?...No! This is America today!  This assessment of the
deterioration of freedom and constitutional guarantees will startle
you...................$3.00

Masonry..The Hidden Evil..Masonry,posing under the guise of
Christianity,is spreading the teachings of Lucifer to the world! This
assessment of the goals of ancient and modern Masonry will show you
how...............................$2.00

Freedom From War...The United States program for general and complete
disarmament in a peaceful world..This plan was first inaugurated by
President John F.Kennedy in September of 1961..You will see for yourself
how close they are to completion of this plan to disarm the
world.............................$3.00

The New Age-The Old Lie...This report covers a wide range of topics
like+What is the New Age?+,+The Media+,+Disney World+, New Agers and the
Rapture.....................$2.00

The Environmental Movement...This report will give you insight into the
agenda behind the+green+movement.Some of the topics covered are -Lies
exposed+,Apples Dangerous?+,DDT,Global Warming+,Dolphin Safe Laws+,The
Ozone+,and the Religion of Environmentalism+....$2.00

The Rapture: will satellites project an image of -God+? This short(1 page
)report will show you how holographs can be used to deceive the
world.........................$1.00

The United Nations...This 2 page report will show you the plan of this
organization,along with its¶ related groups,to bring in the New World
Order......................................$1.00

The Illuminati...LORDS OF DARKNESS...This 3 page report will show how this
extension of Freemasonry worships satan as the Lord of Light and Truth and
has agoal of world domination under the New World
Oreder....................................................$2.00

The Council on Foreign Relations...Officially formed July 29,1921,it¶s
express goal is to overthrow the Constitutional Government of the United
States of America and to install a Socialist,One World Government with the
United States as a servile member+kingdom+.............$1.00

They Want Your Children This 10 page report covers how the New World Order
will control your children and grandchildren. Subjects covered are -What
are Children¶s Rights?+,From the Cradle+,+School+, T.V.Movies
Videos,+,Sunday School and much more..........$3.00

They Want Your Children!
	This ten page report covers how the New World Order will control your
children and grandchildren.Subjects covered are -What are children¶s
rights?+ -From the Cradle+, -School+, -Television,Movies and Videos+, -The
Toy Box+, -Comic Books+, -Sunday School?+, -Boy Scouts and Girl
Scouts+..................................................$3.00


Prophecy and Prophets
This 4 page report covers subjects such as:History, Experience, False
Prophets, Hints for interpreting prophecy, and New testament
Prophets............................$2.00

Resurrection or Reincarnation?
A Biblically based case against the idea of reincarnation.Short(3 pages)
and to the point,easy to read and understand,good tool for use in
debate........................$1.00

False Prophets
This report includes Old and New Testament history of false prophets,false
Christs,False worship and more.....................................$2.00

The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child This is a MUST
READ for anyone concerned about their children and grandchildren. Does the
U.N.want custody of our kids? This 5 page report exposes the intent of the
New World Order..........$2.00


To order simply circle the items that you like,fill out the form below and
send the  entire page along  with the proper remittance made payable to
Rudy Hulstrom 1504 Cardinal.Melrose Park,IL.60160...


Name.......................................................................
...........................................

Address....................................................................
.....................................

City.......................................................................
........... State................Zip.............................

New Age Update is an (8) page monthly publication that provides
information that is current,accurate and will help to keep you aware of
what the New Age/New World Order has in mind for you and me. Todays
headlines are filled with just such revelations and New Age Update will
help point them out to you. Best of all the subscription rate is a mere
$8.00 for 12 issues,plus Special Bonus Reports along the way.
	
Please make all checks or money orders payable to Rudy Hulstrom
Sample copy of New Age
Update................................................$1.00

FREE REPORT!!     FREE REPORT!!      FREE REPORT!!
Could Presidential -Executive Orders+lead to a dictatorship here in the
United States of America? Send a #10 Self addressed stamped envelope for
this startling and revealing information.......FREE...FREE

***************************************************

Cool Web Sites on the Internet

hhtp://twibp.com/~twibp
http://www.niagara.com:80/~twibp/
This Week In Bible Prophecy

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/PKdates.html
PromiseKeepers 1995 Meeting Dates

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/sevenpromises.html
Seven Promises of a Promise Keeper

http://www.einet.net/galaxy/Arts-and-Humanities/Religion.html  Christian
web site

http://akebono.stanford.edu/yahoo
yahoo Directory

http://www.infi.net/cc
christian coalalition

http://www.jews-for-jesus.org
Jews for jesus

http://ionet.net/~wes
Wes Peters web site..COOL prophecy stuff

http://www.infi.net/~stegner
prophecy world events web

http://www.visa.co.
Visa Credit Card (One World One Currency)


 Cool Resources


CHRISTIAN BOOK DISTRIBUTORS
P.O. Box 6000
Peabody MA. 01961-6000
Customer Service: (508) 977-4550
Membership and monthly catalog subscription; $3 per year

CHRISTIAN COMMUNICATIONS
Prison & Ministry Outreach - Online Bible Studies
Jeannine Robinson
P.O. Box 45094, 81 Lakeshore Road East
Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L5G4S7
Phone/Fax (905) 271-7371
BBS (905) 271-3617

CHRISTIAN DISTRIBUTION NETWORK
(Electronic bulletin board systems)
Ray Waldo, Project Manager
Route 1, Box 175W
Loranger, LA  70446-9720
Voice: (504) 878-2956
BBS (504) 878-3023
FIDONET 1:394/1
CDN Headquarters 8:200/0

The CHRISTIAN GENERAL STORE
(Quality Christian Materials on Issues Related to HIV/AIDS)
2130 Fourth Street
San Rafael, CA 94901
(415) 457-9489

CHRISTIAN LAW ASSOCIATION
(Publishers of "The Briefcase")
Subscription: P.O. Box 30 Conneaut, Ohio 44030-0030
Publisher Office: (216) 593-3933
Gibbs & Craze Law Firm (216) 599-8900

CHRISTIAN MACINTOSH USERS GROUP
2190 Bristolwood Lane
San Jose, CA
95132-1208
408/945-5773 - voice
408/946-4946 - FAX
INTERNET: rickt5@aol.com

CHRISTIAN TAPES FOR THE DISABLED
(Write for catalog of cassettes and information)
Box 455 - Buffalo, NY 14209
(716) 885-0307

CORNERSTONE COMMUNICATIONS INTERNATIONAL
(Helping Christian writers get published since 1984)
1117 Marquette Avenue, Suite 2303
Minneapolis, MN 55403
Fax (612) 673-0866
Internet Email: calliesmom@aol.com

GREAT CHRISTIAN BOOKS
229 S. Bridge St.
PO BOX 8000
Elkton MD 21922-8000
($5 membership fee)

INSTITUTE FOR RELIGIOUS RESEARCH
1340 Monroe Ave, NW
Grand Rapids Michigan 49505
Phone: (616) 451-4562
Fax: (616) 451-8907

INTERNATIONAL BIBLE SOCIETY
PO BOX 35700
Colorado Springs CO 80935-3570
(719) 488-9200
(800) 524-1588
Fax: (719) 488-0870

MESSIANIC RECORDS INC./LAMB
(A Concert Ministry)
7605 Brookhaven Road
Philadelphia, PA 19151
(215) 477-1050
Fax (215) 477-1087

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR RELEASE TIME CHRISTIAN EDUCATION
P.O. Box K
Ellijay, GA 30540
(404) 276-7900

ON LINE BIBLE COLLEGE
Servant of the Lord BBS: 804-590-2161
Whole Cousel Ministries
Mataoca, Virginia
Sysop: Dr. Charles A. Wootten
INTERNET: listener1@aol.com or 76476.1556@cis
Fax: (804) 590-1659

WYCLIFFE BIBLE TRANSLATORS
P.O. Box 2727
Huntington Beach, CA 92647
phone: (714) 969-4600
FAX: (714) 969-4661

ZONDERVAN PUBLISHING HOUSE
-NRSV Concordance
-NIV Atlas of the Bible
1-800-727-3480

Other Pubs Too....

The CHRISTIAN WORLD REPORT
(Prophecy and current events newspaper from Peter LaLonde)
($29.95 annual, 11 issues per year)
US: P.O. Box 1440, Niagara Falls, NY 14302
Canada: P.O Box 5091, Burlington, Ontario L7R 4M2

DECISION MAGAZINE
($7 annually, 11 issues per year)
Billy Graham Evangelistic Association
P.O. Box 779
Minneapolis, Minnesota
55440-0779

FOCUS ON THE FAMILY MAGAZINE
P.O. Box 35500
Colorado Springs, Co
80935-3550
(free upon request)

HIGHWAY
A magazine for Truck Drivers
Transport For Christ - Highway
P.O. Box 303
Denver, PA
17517

IN OTHER WORDS
Newspaper of Wycliffe Bible Translators
PO BOX 2727
Huntington Beach, CA 92647

PARTNERS PRAYER GUIDE (Partner Ministries)
1470 N. 4th St. PO BOX 15025
San Jose CA. 95115-0025
(free guide to praying for different nations)

PRISON EVANGELISM MAGAZINE
International Prison Ministry
P.O. Box 63
Dallas, TX  75221

THE TEACHING HOME
(A Christian magazine for home educators)
P.O. Box 20219
Portland, Oregon 97220-0219
Phone: (503) 253-9633
Fax: (503) 253-7345

TESTIMONY NEWSLETTER
Dennis R. Mallory, Publisher
P. O. Box 14974
Albany, NY 12212-4974

TODAY IN THE WORD (Moody Bible Institute)
820 North La Salle Drive
Chicago Il. 60610
(free 3-month trial subscription)

TRACKS IN THE SAND
Uncovering Christian Men's Issues
P.O. Box 1828
Tustin, CA
92680
INTERNET: mark.perew@ofa123.fidonet.org

WORLD CHALLENGE (David Wilkerson letter)
(free newsletter, 17 issues per year)
P.O. Box 260 Lindale, Texas 75771
(903)-963-8626




	



