Prophe-Zine, Issue # 14
March 1, 1996

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 14
Eugene W. Gross...Post-Tribulation: My Reasons for Believing It.
William Norman Grigg........Global Reconstruction
Zola Levitt ...........The Father of Lies
Paula Demers...Population Reduction
Dennis L. Finnan .......The Coming Last Days
Wayne Merritt (A1nOnly@ aol.com).....Abortion - The Lie some beleive
Author Unknown ......The Truth Is In The Air
Robert Smith.....Computer's And The Mark Of The Beast
Richard R. Biondi.... World  Federation?
Dan Druck.....Intro To The Next Story
Lu Haynes....Gorbachev is "Giving Birth" to a New World Order
Prophe-Zine News Bites..... Assorted Authors and News Services

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on the
1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet. You can also get back issues at Prophe-Zine's web site.
Address: http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in Matthew 28:19:
                  "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.


The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine
Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1996 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from the
author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, MacDraw Pro, Color-It, JPEGview, Popcorn, OnLine Bible
KJV 2.1, plus any other freeware that I can get my hands on to fill up the
hard drive and use up even MORE RAM

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

*****************************
Welcome to Issue # 14

Hello Everyone!!

Once again, here is your bi-weekly issue of PROPHE-ZINE. It has been a busy
couple of weeks and I was slow at updating the www site. So if it effected
any ofyou, I am sorry for that.

I need your help, if you are willing. I have made some business cards for
PZ and the www site and if you will be so kind, drop me a note with your
snail mail address and I will send some to you to pass out to your friends,
co-workers and fellow church members. (I am sorry that I can not offer this
to my friends abroad, my funds do not permit this at this time) Also, let
me assure you that I will not give your address to anyone, unless the BATF
breaks my door down and steals my computer records, that is the only way I
see your address getting out of my hands (g). Other than that, NO one will
get your address.

Next I would like to offer, if you are interested, I can send you some
newspaper clippings that I have and some sample newsletters from Gary Kah
or Norm Franz if you want . If you can, all I  ask is that you please drop
$3.00 in the mail to cover all the copying and mail fees when you get the
packet. Now the $3.00 is if you want the news clippings, if you want my
business cards, you don't have to send me any money, your helping me out in
that. One more thing. I AM NOT DOING THIS FOR ANY PROFIT. I am doing this
to give you, my readers, tools to let people see what is going on by use of
secular media. I find using secular stories very convincing when it comes
to Bible Prophecy and spreading the Gospel. So if you are interested, let
me know when you send me your snail mail address.

I really need prayer. I have been going through some rough times and can
really use it. The enemy is attacking me in my marriage, job and ministry.
I guess I am doing something right if he is hitting me from all sides like
that. So please keep me in your prayers from time to time...I REALLY need
it right now. Thanks. =)

One last thing, If you live in California, Please drop me a note. I would
like to meet my readers from CA and maybe we can all meet one weekend for a
prophecy - get - together. How does that sound? Anyone like to camp? Summer
is coming up and I though that it would be a fun thing to do. Heck, where
ever you live and if you are interested in doing something like this, you
are welcome also. So let me know all you California locals(and non locals
too)  if this sounds like something fun and something you would want to do.

So until we meet together her on this earth or in the air with our Lord.......

Always in His service,
Ray
Prophe-Zine

*********************************

Post-Tribulation: My Reasons for Believing It.
By: Eugene W. Gross, Director, Third Day Ministry

I've read a number of objections to the post-tribulational view of the
rapture. Many of them raise excellent points, but my purpose here is not to
attempt to answer all of those points. Indeed, such an effort would  be
doomed to failure given the need for brevity required by any magazine
article. There are books available that do this. I shall endeavor to
provide such a list at a future time.

I started off believing in a pre-tribulational rapture after coming to
Christ back in the early 70's. But when I began doing my own study and
research into this doctrine, I found myself questioning the conclusions  of
men like Walvoord, Breese, Lindsey, Pentecost, and others. I respect  these
men, but must at the same time respectfully disagree with their  thinking.

When God has poured out His wrath in the past, He did not remove His
people, but rather protected them in the midst of the outpouring of His
wrath.  Examine Noah. Noah and his family were not removed from the world
while  the Flood inundated and destroyed all life on the earth. Rather, God
had  Noah build an Ark and protected Noah and his family inside the Ark as
His wrath fell upon that evil, foul world of the time.

Then, in Egypt, when God poured out His judgements and wrath upon the
Egyptians, He protected the Israelites in the midst of it all. He even
provided one of the clearest symbols of the Blood of Christ and its value
when He had the Israelites splash lamb's blood on the door posts and
lentels of the Hebrew homes prior to the coming of the angel of death to
take the first born. Again, God did not take His people out, but protected
them in the midst of the outpouring of His wrath.

This caused me to wonder about the coming tribulation that will fall upon
this world at the end times. Will God actually remove the Church from the
world? So I began reading the prophetic statements of Jesus as recorded in
the Gospels concerning this period of time. When I finished reading Matthew
24, it became clear to me that the only thing that even remotely sounded
like the rapture, and event of considerable significance to the entire
Church, was found in Matthew 24:31. This event, the gathering of the elect
from all parts of the world, occurs only after the time that Jesus calls
the "great tribulation" in verse 21.

Now, some argue that Jesus' statements aren't in chronological order, but
this doesn't carry much weight since we can follow the statements of Christ
in chronological order today and see their fulfillment. For example, Jesus
mentions earthquakes in various places. So, let's look at some facts about
earthquakes. For the sake of this article, let's look only at quakes over
6.0 on the Richter scale, since these are significant quakes.

	1890 to 1970: 39 over 6.0
	1970 to 1979: 51 over 6.0
	1980 to 1989: 86 over 6.0
	1990 to 1994: 100+ over 6.0

Do you see the progression? What about other signs of the time of birth
pangs, as Jesus called them? Well, we now have outbreaks of pestilence the
likes of which we've not seen since the beginning of history. AIDS, Ebola
Zaire, to name only two, but there are more just waiting. And this doesn't
include such things as the new, drug-resistant strains of TB and other
diseases.

We also are seeing increasing persecution of Christians around the world
and in this nation. Sometimes, Christians are being handed over by those
who once sat next to them as brothers and sisters in Christ. Note what
Jesus said in verses 9-12: "Then shall many be offended, and shall betray
one another, and shall hate one another. And many false prophets shall
rise, and shall deceive many. And because iniquity shall abound, the love
of many shall grow cold."

Those betraying Christians aren't non-believers, but believers!! Or at
least, they have called themselves believers. Also note that many false
prophets shall rise -- not from outside the Church, but from within the
Church! Don't we see this today?

All of these events are happening in chronological order so far, so the
argument that what Jesus says is not chronological is without foundation.
And if what He says is in chronological order, then we have a problem with
the view that the rapture occurs prior to the "great tribulation." The
"great tribulation," according to Jesus, occurs after the revealing of the
man of sin, the abomination that causes desolation! More, the catching
away, or gathering together unto Him, occurs after the "great tribulation."

Now, we don't base any view on one passage, or even a couple of
passages.So, let's look at another passage found in Paul's writings. Turn
to 2 Thessalonians 2:1-3. Here we read, "Now we beseech you, brethren, but
the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by our gathering together unto
him, that ye be not soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit,
nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of [the Lord] is
[present]. Let no man deceive you by any means; for that day shall not
come, except there come [the] falling away first, and that man of sin be
revealed, the son of perdition."

Note that Paul specifically states that before the Lord comes to gather us
together unto Him, there must first come the falling away, or the apostacy,
and the revealing of the man of sin, the son of perdition, we call the
Antichrist. Again, Paul places the sequence of events in the same order as
Jesus did.

Thus, I conclude that the rapture will not take place prior to the "great
tribulation," but rather at some point after the "great tribulation." For
those who ask about us going through God's wrath, recall that God has
always protected His people from and in the midst of His wrath.

Why would God leave us here during the "great tribulation"? Because we have
a job to do! We have a witness that must continue until the moment of His
return. The Church not only must bear witness to the world that Jesus
Christ is the Lord of lords, King of kings, but also point them toward Him
as the only hope of salvation. According to what Jesus says (Matt. 24:14),
we are here to preach the Gospel to all the world. During the darkest time
in all of recorded history, there will be the greatest revival occurring in
history!

Now, even if this doesn't cause you to change your thinking on this
doctrine, and that really wasn't my purpose here, I want you to think about
something. In China before the takeover of the Communists, many
missionaries taught their congregants that they would not have to endure
tribulation. When the Communists took over, these congregants were at a
loss to explain to others why they were now undergoing such incredible
persecution! Many fell away because they thought that they had been lied to
and that there was no power in Christianity. However, others who had been
taught to prepare to endure hardship and tribulation came through this
time, those that weren't martyred for Christ, stronger and more committed
to Christ than ever. Today, the underground Church in China is alive and
thriving, but they are teaching their congregants to prepare!

So, while I would not dissuade someone from believing in a pre-trib
rapture, I do teach that people need to prepare as if they were going to be
here for the entire end times events, but pray that God takes them out
sooner! More, I teach people to give the world sufficient evidence to
convict them of being Christians, committed totally to Christ, not even
loving their own lives. If the Lord does indeed return for us prior to the
"great  tribulation," what better for Him to see than His people doing what
He  commissioned them to do with total commitment!?

geneg@mercury.interpath.com

******************************

Global Reconstruction
By: William Norman Grigg
From: THE NEW AMERICAN -- January 8, 1996

Shortly after his inauguration, President Clinton was asked by the Wall
Street Journal, "What event before 1900 helped shape your vision of
American society [and] your view of America s role in the world?" Mr.
Clinton replied, "None, because most of the things the U.S. did before 1900
were totally inconsistent with the global role I d like us to play...."
Give Mr. Clinton credit for his candor then and his
consistency now. The deployment of U.S. troops to Bosnia as part of aNATO
"implementation force" (IFOR) under the authority of the United Nations
Security Council does indeed represent a critical redefinition of America s
role in the world, one that is completely incompatible with the values and
ideals of America s Founders.

Without constitutional authority, prior congressional approval, or a
mandate from the American public, the Clinton Administration is using
American troops to impose a new political order upon a collection of
peoples who have displayed no desire to participate in a UN-mandated
"multiethnic democracy." Of course, the Administration and the
Establishment media have sought to disguise such unpalatable truths by
coating them with a cloying glaze of Orwellian language.

In a moment of transparent dishonesty during his November 27th address, Mr.
Clinton declared, "In the choice between peace and war, America must choose
peace." This was too much for Washington Times columnist Richard Grenier, a
former Naval officer and devout anti-Communist who can hardly be accused of
"isolationist" sentiments. Grenier observed, "In our role of Bosnian  peace
enforcers  we bear some resemblance to the  peace fighters  that Peking
sent across the border in Korea to clobber us when Gen.  MacArthur got too
close to the Yalu." In Bosnia, "peace" will be achieved through a military
occupation and the imposition of the unworkable constitution created by the
Dayton peace agreement. But, as we will see, the implications of the
Bosnian venture for America s independence and constitutional system are
just as sinister.

From the moment the Bosnian peace accord was initialed in Dayton,
supporters of the treaty have insisted that troops must be deployed to
Bosnia lest "American credibility" suffer. It matters not to such
individuals that President Clinton s promise to deploy American troops was
constitutionally invalid. In the new world order, the role of national
leaders is to tutor their subjects regarding their "international
commitments" and compel acceptance of those commitments. This point was
made explicitly in Our Global Neighborhood, the recently published report
of the Commission on Global Governance:

"[I]nternal political processes within nation-states themselves may..
become obstacles to adoption of international standards.... In the
contemporary world, populist action has the potential to strike down the
carefully crafted products of international deliberation, usually on the
grounds of nationalism.... One of the challenges for governments in an era
of democracy is to ensure that the public understands the nature of
international law-making processes and supports them."

For supporters of the Clinton Administration s Bosnia policy, the President
s commitment to deploy "peacekeeping" troops may be constitutionally
untenable, but it carries the weight of law as an international commitment.

On December 3rd, Senator John McCain (R-AZ) stated on ABC s This Week with
David Brinkley that phone calls to Capitol Hill were running "100-to-one"
against the deployment of U.S. troops to Bosnia. Nevertheless, McCain
insisted that he had "no choice" other than to support the deployment,
because "the word of the United States has to mean something." Senate
Majority Leader Bob Dole (R-KS) expressed similar sentiments on the Senate
floor: "We have the responsibility whenever the President of the United
States, whoever that may be, gives his word to the international
community.... It s not politically popular, but it s the right thing to do.
And sometimes it takes a while for people to understand when you do the
right thing."

The preponderance of public disapproval for the President s Bosnia policy
was felt more keenly in the House. On December 7th, 201 members of Congress
from both parties signed a one-sentence letter to President Clinton which
stated simply: "We urge you not to send ground troops to Bosnia." However,
one signature conspicuously absent from that letter was the familiar
felt-tip scrawl of House Speaker Newt Gingrich (R-GA), a self-described
"internationalist." The Speaker s acquiescent stance toward the
Administration offered a clear signal that the President s critics had
little choice but to accept the deployment as a fait accompli. This message
was understood by House National Security Committee Chairman Floyd Spence
(R-SC), who opened a November 30th hearing by stating, "The proverbial
train has left the station, and our troops are already on board."

In an attempt to prod recalcitrant legislators into supporting the Bosnia
mission, the Clinton Administration made use of a familiar tactic: It
sought to create a "bipartisan consensus" on behalf of the venture by
enlisting the support of Establishment foreign policy "experts" -- nearly
all of whom were associated with the ubiquitous Council on Foreign
Relations (CFR). The Dayton peace agreement and the planned U.S. deployment
received early endorsements from Henry Kissinger (CFR), Colin Powell (CFR),
and Brent Scowcroft (CFR). By early December the Administration had also
secured the public support of former Presidents George Bush (CFR), Gerald
Ford (CFR), and Jimmy Carter (CFR).

During a December 5th Washington, DC press conference, seven foreign policy
luminaries (Alexander Haig, Frank Carlucci, Ken Adleman, Max Kampelman,
Zbigniew Brzezinski, Dante Fascell, and Stephen Solarz), all of whom are
CFR members, continued the fabrication of a "bipartisan consensus" by
announcing the creation of the Committee for American Leadership in Bosnia.
On December 6th, President Clinton welcomed a delegation from that
committee tothe Cabinet Room of the White House, where he thanked them for
joining "across partisan lines to make a strong case for America s
leadership in Bosnia...."

The Committee for American Leadership in Bosnia presented its "case" to the
public on December 7th in the form of "An Open Letter to Congress"
published in full-page advertisements in the New York Times and the
Washington Post. After dutifully reciting the talking points assembled by
the Clinton Administration, the advertisement concluded: "We urge Congress
to provide a clear expression of bipartisan support so that everyone in
Bosnia -- especially the young American men and women we send there --
understands our resolve to help bring this tragic and dangerous war to an
end."

Committee spokesman Rick Messick, a former chief counsel for the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee under Senator Dick Lugar (R-IN), explained to
The New American that "[Committee organizers] Peter Rodman and Steve Solarz
and a couple of other people thought it would be good to show that there is
bipartisan support for the President s Bosnia initiative. So people just
started calling their friends, and that s what we were able to assemble."
To judge by the committee s membership list, it appears that Rodman and
Solarz simply posted a sign-up sheet at the CFR s Pratt House headquarters:
Of the 45 committee members who signed the full-page ads, 37 are members of
the Council on Foreign Relations. By December 8th, according to Messick,
the committee -- which had been little more than a collection of signatures
and a Wall Street address -- had served its purpose and ceased to exist.

The Republican leadership understood the message: As the New York Times
observed, "Republicans long identified with the foreign-policy
establishment, like Mr. Dole, Mr. McCain and Senator Richard Lugar of
Indiana, have swung behind the President." On December 13th, with what the
Chicago Tribune described as the "reluctant but unflinching aid of Senate
Majority Leader Bob Dole," the Senate approved a resolution co-sponsored by
Dole and McCain supporting the Bosnia deployment.

The Dole/McCain measure effectively stopped a House resolution sponsored by
Representative Bob Dornan (R-CA), which called for the de-funding of the
Bosnia mission and the withdrawal of American troops which had already been
deployed: Dornan s bill was defeated by a vote of 218-210. House Speaker
Gingrich was nowhere to be seen during floor debate over the Dornan bill.

Seeking to allay the concerns of the American public and defuse
congressional criticism, the Clinton Administration has repeatedly
emphasized that the Bosnia deployment is a NATO venture rather than a UN
mission. However, the Dayton agreement unambiguously states that NATO is a
"peacekeeping" enterprise "under Chapter VII of the United Nations
Charter," and that the mission was mandated by the United Nations Security
Council.

As is documented elsewhere in this issue (see page 17), NATO was designed
as a political and military subsidiary of the UN, and it has no rationale
for existence apart from the world organization.  This was understood at
the time of NATO s creation in 1949. A State Department document published
in the spring of that year entitled Foreign Affairs Outlines: Building the
Peace explained that NATO was designed to "bring about world conditions
which will permit the United Nations to function more efficiently." This
understanding was also expressed in a March 1949 Washington, DC address by
Secretary of State Dean Acheson (CFR). Acheson explained:

"[NATO] is designed to fit precisely into the framework of the United
Nations and to assure practical measures for maintaining peace and security
in harmony with the Charter.... The United States government and the
governments with which we are associated in this treaty are convinced that
it is an essential measure for strengthening the United Nations...."

That the Bosnia mission is a UN enterprise was conceded by Senator Patrick
Moynihan (D_NY) during the floor debate over the Dole/McCain resolution.
Senator Moynihan, along-time member of the Council on Foreign Relations,
exulted: "I once represented the United States as President of the Security
Council. I had not known I would live to see an hour as fine as this...."
Moynihan called particular attention to "the importance of the fact that we
are doing it in a collective effort anticipated by the UN Charter."

Nor can Americans be reliably assured that U.S. GIs assigned to NATO will
always serve under American command. In 1991, Bush Administration Secretary
of Defense Dick Cheney (CFR) announced a radical restructuring of NATO in
which American soldiers would be placed under the command of German,
British, and other foreign officers. The subsequent drive to expand NATO to
include former Warsaw Pact nations through the "Partnership for Peace"
initiative creates the potential for even more unsettling command
configurations.

Furthermore, the recently installed secretary-general of NATO, Spanish
diplomat Javier Solana, is a devoted socialist, as was his scandal-plagued
Belgian predecessor Willy Claes. (Interestingly, Solana was the Clinton
Administration s preferred candidate for the post.) When Admiral Leighton
Smith stated last September that American fighters conducting bombing raids
over Bosnia were "carrying out the mandates of the secretary-general," the
individual to whom Admiral Smith referred was either Belgian socialist
Willy Claes or Egyptian socialist Boutros Boutros-Ghali.  The Clinton
Administration has repeatedly emphasized that the IFOR will be commanded by
U.S. Army General George Joulwan, the supreme NATO military commander.
However, in the NATO chain of command, General Joulwan  receives his
authority from NATO s highest-ranking civilian official, Javier Solana, who
is himself subordinate to UN Secretary-General Boutros-Ghali.

During the 1960s and  70s, Javier Solana was a member of Spain s Socialist
Worker s Party and a supporter of the Soviet Union; he remains a committed
friend of Fidel Castro. Before becoming an "ex-Marxist," Solana was also a
vehement critic of NATO. However, now that the alliance has dropped its
pretense of anti-Communism, Solana has become one of its most energetic
supporters. A highly placed NATO official enthused to The European that
Solana s appointment "sends a very clear message that we are now more than
just a military alliance. We are evolving into a political organization."
NATO s political function is to accelerate the consolidation of Europe as a
socialist megastate.

In testimony offered before the House Committee on International Relations
and National Security on November 30th, Defense Secretary William Perry
proudly pointed out that the NATO/UN Implementation Force will include
troops from 32 nations, including Russia. "The wide participation in the
IFOR is a symbol of the new Europe," Perry emphasized. "The effort will
define how security in Europe is going to be handled for decades to come.
In effect, we will be defining what post-Cold War Europe is all about and
how its security will be assured."

Helping to define European security in Bosnia will be Russian General
Leonty Shevtsov, whose last assignment was to carry out the Kremlin s
murderous effort to suppress resurgent Chechnyan nationalism.

But then again, suppressing nationalism is one of the chief functions of
the new "post-Cold War Europe." This point was made emphatically by former
German Chancellor Hans-Dietrich Genscher, one of Europe s most powerful and
influential diplomats, during a recent panel discussion at the James A.
Baker III Institute for Public Policy at Rice University:

"The stability of the new world order and the new global challenges require
cooperation between all global players.... [W]e have to fight organized
crime, international terrorism, and fundamentalist tendencies which are not
limited to Islamics only.... Nationalism ... is a main enemy of the nations
of Europe, and it can only be avoided by an ever closer cooperation
[through the European Union]."

In a subsequent syndicated column applauding the Dayton accord, Genscher
reiterated the point that nationalism is incompatible with the new world
order: "The human tragedy of the conflict in Bosnia has provided shocking
proof ... that nationalism and intolerance no longer have a place in
Europe."

Nationalism can indeed be intolerant, and Bosnia has presented the tragic
spectacle of mutually exclusive ethnic nationalisms engaged in a war of
liquidation. However, the dogma of "multi-ethnic democracy" can triumph in
Bosnia only through coercion and bloodshed -- and NATO troops are poised to
kill recalcitrant Muslims, Croats, and Serbs whose aspirations are
incompatible with the constitution created by in the Dayton accord.

The proposed constitution of Bosnia-Herzegovina is the handiwork of a
cluster of American diplomats and lawyers who gathered at Dayton, Ohio in
an environment giddily described by State Department spokesman Nicholas
Burns as "a living, breathing, international diplomatic biosphere." Most of
the architects of the Dayton agreement and the draft constitution for
Bosnia-Herzegovina remain anonymous. An official at the State Department s
European Bureau explained to The New American, "Apart from the top
negotiators at Dayton, we re not releasing any names" of those responsible
for the framework agreement. However, he disclosed that "the bulk of the
document was drafted by our own legal people here at the State Department,
with some help from our European counterparts." It is therefore reasonable
to assume that the draft Bosnian constitution represents the distilled
wisdom of America s foreign policy establishment -- a troubling prospect,
when one examines the establishment s handiwork.

According to its new constitution, the "nation" of Bosnia-Herzegovina will
be composed of two political entities, the Republica Srbska and the
Moslem-Croat federation of Bosnia. The new nation will not be defined by
shared ethnicity, cultural origins, or religious ideals, but by "the
Purposes and Principles of the Charter of the United Nations." Article II,
paragraph 2 of the Bosnian constitution contains
 an explicit supremacy clause which makes national law subordinate to
international law: "The rights and freedoms set forth in the European
Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms and
its Protocols shall apply directly in Bosnia and Herzegovina. These shall
have priority over all other law." (Emphasis added.) This provision will
simplify "harmonization" between Bosnia and the European Union (EU), and
the newly created Bosnian Constitutional Court is directed to bring Bosnian
laws into conformity with EU standards.

In the fashion of Stalin s Soviet constitution and the UN s "human rights"
instruments, the new Bosnian constitution enumerates individual "rights,"
rather than powers of government. Article II, paragraph 3 contains the
heading "Enumeration of Rights," and proceeds through a familiar litany of
government-created -- and therefore revocable -- "rights." Furthermore,
Article II, paragraph 7 dictates that "Bosnia and Herzegovina shall remain
or become party to the international agreements listed in Annex I to this
Constitution."

The Annex in question includes every significant UN "human rights"
document, including the Genocide Convention, the International Convention
on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the International
Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the Convention on the Elimination
of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women, and the Convention on the
Rights of the Child -- all of which are similarly predicated upon the
assumption that "rights" are conditional gifts of the state, rather than
unalienable endowments from God.

Additionally, the constitution provides that Bosnia will be a nation
effectively devoid of national sovereignty:

"All competent authorities in Bosnia and Herzegovina shall cooperate with
and provide unrestricted access to: any international human rights
monitoring mechanisms established for Bosnia and Herzegovina; the
supervisory bodies established by any of the international agreements
listed in Annex I to this Constitution [that is, the UN conventions and
treaties]; the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia ... and any
other organization authorized by the United Nations Security Council with a
mandate concerning human rights or humanitarian law."

This "transparency" will extend to economic matters as well. The new
constitution specifies that "There shall be a Central Bank of Bosnia, which
shall be the sole authority for issuing currency and for monetary policy
throughout Bosnia and Herzegovina," and that the first Governing Board of
the Bosnian Central Bank will be headed by "a Governor appointed by the
International Monetary Fund" (IMF). It was the IMF s management of the
post-Tito Yugoslav economy which created the wave of hyperinflation which
helped precipitate the Yugoslav civil war. (See "New World Order on
Display," The New American, October 4, 1993).

Apologists for the Dayton accord may insist that the UN-dominated
institutions created by the Bosnian constitution are necessary to prevent
future outbreaks of ethnic strife. However, as the December
18th issue of U.S. News & World Report observed, "Far from unifying Bosnia
s different ethnic groups, signs are that the accord will spark one final
round of self-imposed ethnic cleansing as soldiers and civilians caught on
the  wrong  side of the new ethnic dividing lines scramble to escape to the
right  side." The largest concentration of people on the "wrong" side are
the 60,000-150,000 Bosnian Serbs who live in the suburbs of Sarajevo, which
the Dayton accord designates a unified city under Muslim control.

A senior diplomat in Belgrade told Dusko Doder of The European that "Dayton
is a botched job. It seems to sanction ethnic cleansing of Sarajevo." A
similar warning was issued by General Jean-Rene Bachelet, who until
recently commanded French peacekeeping forces in Bosnia. Noting that the
agreement requires the disarmament of Serb militias in Sarajevo -- which
will leave them defenseless before the majority Muslim government --
General Bachelet predicts that if the Dayton accord is implemented, "We
would then see terrible television pictures of French soldiers directing
traffic while houses burned." For Serb civilians who reside in Sarajevo,
according to Bachelet, the Dayton agreement presents "a choice between a
coffin and a suitcase."

As U.S. News pointed out, "It was in the Sarajevo suburbs that the war more
or less began." Despite the fact that the French have been assigned the
task of "pacifying" Sarajevo, the Bosnian Serbs have identified the U.S. as
their enemy -- a perception which has been strengthened by the announcement
that the U.S.-led IFOR will help arm and train the Bosnian Federation s
military. Should violence erupt anew in the embattled capital, it will be
all but impossible to avoid the involvement of American and British troops
-- thus internationalizing what had been an isolated ethnic conflict.

But Sarajevo is not the only flash point. In an analysis of the Dayton
accord published in The New Republic, professors John J.  Mearsheimer of
the University of Chicago and Stephen Van Evera of MIT observe that the
Bosnian Federation is the product of an unnatural union between the Croats
and Muslims, and a divorce between these factions "may well occur by war."
Furthermore, "Renewed Croat-Muslim fighting could in turn cause a wide
unraveling of the Dayton accord by triggering renewed Serb-Muslim and
Serb-Croat fighting." Far from producing peace and ethnic harmony,
Mearsheimer and Van Evera maintain, the Dayton accords "will lead to a new
war, this time with American troops caught in the middle."

Such intractable rivalries cannot be reconciled; they can only be
suppressed. Accordingly, the IFOR mission in Bosnia will take the form of a
military dictatorship. The Dayton accord decrees that within 120 days of
the final signing ceremony, all military units will be demobilized and all
troops and heavy weaponry will be confined to barracks facilities. The IFOR
may use whatever military force is deemed necessary to compel compliance.

Furthermore, the agreement s provisions for "demilitarization" of the new
Bosnian state include the "disbandment of special operations and armed
civilian groups" as "progressive measures for regional stability and arms
control." The Dayton accord s "Agreement on the Military Aspects of the
Peace Settlement" applies to "all personnel and organizations with military
capability under its control or within territory under its control,
including armed civilian groups, national guards, army reserves, military
police, and the Ministry of Internal Affairs Special Police...." The Annex
referred to demands that Bosnian authorities, under NATO direction, "disarm
and disband all armed civilian groups, except for authorized police forces,
within 30 days after the Transfer of Authority [from UN to NATO command]."
The Bosnian police force will be constructed under UN supervision.

In addition, pending the establishment of a UN-approved Bosnian police
force, the IFOR army of occupation will essentially be a police force with
a standing search warrant:

"[T]he IFOR shall have the unimpeded right to observe, monitor, and inspect
any Forces, facility, or activity in Bosnia and Herzegovina that the IFOR
believes may have military capability. The refusal, interference, or denial
by any Party of this right to observe, monitor, and inspect by the IFOR
shall constitute a breach of this [agreement] and the violating Party shall
be subject to military action by the IFOR, including the use of necessary
force to ensure compliance...."

Even a superficial review of the Bosnian constitution and the functions and
powers conferred upon the IFOR mission illustrates why the Bosnia
deployment is such a cherished project of the Establishment: The mission is
intended to create in Bosnia a microcosm of the new world order. It is an
almost literal realization, albeit on a relatively small scale, of the
vision expressed in the 1958 manifesto World Peace Through World Law by
globalists Grenville Clark and Louis B. Sohn, in which a UN "world police
force" would be endowed with "a coercive force of overwhelming power" to
impose "world law" upon a disarmed population.

The legal axiom that "hard cases make bad law" certainly makes sense in
international affairs. The "world law" dreamed of by the likes of Clark and
Sohn will be built upon hard cases like that of Bosnia, and precedents set
in such efforts will ultimately have an impact upon America s domestic
affairs. Indeed, the ease with which Bill Clinton was able to ignore the
constitutional limitations of his office, and the alacrity with which his
congressional "opposition" yielded to his usurpation, demonstrate that the
effort to create "world law" has already significantly subverted our
constitutional system.

THE NEW AMERICAN -- January 8, 1996
Copyright 1995 -- American Opinion Publishing, Incorporated
P.O. Box 8040, Appleton, WI  54913
SUBSCRIPTIONS: $39.00/year (26 issues)

WRITTEN PERMISSION FOR REPOSTING REQUIRED: Released for informational
purposes to allow individual file transfer and non-commercial mail-list
transfer only. All other copyright privileges are reserved. Address
reposting requests to <birch@athenet.net> or the above address.


*****************************
The Father of Lies
By Zola Levitt

In John 8:44, Jesus declares that Satan is the father of lies. It is one of
his primary methods of operation. If he cannot twist truth to fit his
purpose, he will do all he can to cloud it so that it can't be seen. And
since Israel has been at the heart of the fulfillment of biblical prophecy,
Satan has woven some of his biggest lies around that little nation, trying
to undermine the Israelis' divine right to their land.

Evidence of this surrounds us. On a CBS program dealing with the subject of
Rabin's assassination, Thomas Friedman, a writer, remarked, "There are Jews
who care more about the biblical land of Israel than making peace with the
Palestinians." (He can count me among them.) He, at least, gives some
credence to the idea that Israel is a biblical land, a fact that isn't
always clear to Israel's leaders. In a New York Times article, Prime
Minister Peres talked about the West Bank as ". . . what they [his
opponents] hold to be biblical Jewish land." It is in fact biblical Jewish
land, and no historian or archaeologist could doubt that. Peres also
referred to right-wing Israelis as being "on the edge of insanity, who
think they are God's messengers. In fact, they are the devil's disciples."
He seems to have gotten it turned around. It brings to mind Isaiah 5:20,
"Woe to them that call evil good, and good evil."

Such rhetoric would seem more natural coming from Israel's enemies. In
fact, in the PLO Covenant, article 20 states, "Claims of historical or
religious ties of Jews with Palestine are incompatible with the facts of
history and the true conception of what constitutes statehood." I wonder
which "facts of history" they are using. Probably the ones that begin,
"Once upon a time. . . ."

The PLO Covenant is a document most Christians are unfamiliar with, and it
is a bone of contention in the ongoing "peace process." The PLO has until
March to change their covenant, article 9 of which states, "Armed struggle
is the only way to liberate Palestine. Thus it is the overall strategy, not
merely a tactical phase." Article 21 declares, "The Arab Palestinian
people, expressing themselves by the armed Palestinian revolution, reject
all solutions which are substitutes for the total liberation of Palestine."

Such statements are incompatible with the new dove of peace Arafat
supposedly carries around in his pocket. It is telling, however, that more
than a year after the peace agreement started, those articles still remain.

Israel is in danger. It has always been in danger, surrounded from its
birth by nations committed to its destruction, but the current policy of
giving up its land only weakens it. By having areas of Palestinian
self-rule within a stone's throw of Israeli settlements, those Israelis
have lost a great deal of their security. Moshe Zak writes in a recent
Jerusalem Post article that Israeli defense experts, in allowing an
independent Palestinian police force, did not think it would pose a
military threat, but that "they didn't take another issue into account: the
ability and willingness of the Palestinian Police to prevent Israeli
settlements being harassed by Palestinian marauders from over the Green
Line [the informal boundary between the West Bank and the rest of Israel]."
The Israeli government's hands are tied, since "it can no longer launch
severe reprisals to force the Palestinian Police to act against the plague
of car theft and stealing of agricultural property from settlements in the
area."

In a recent editorial in the Jerusalem Post, Israel is described as "the
only country in which the vast majority of thefts are committed with the
active encouragement of a neighboring government. . . . The vehicles are
actually ordered from the burglars by Palestinian Authority officials,
specifying size, make, color and model." Later, the editorial states, "All
the communities abutting the territories complaain of a dramatic increase
in thefts, burglaries and even robberies." The citizens of Israel have been
made more vulnerable by the land giveaways; and that is a frightening
thought when you couple that with the fact that in meetings with the PLO,
Hamas has renewed its pledge to continue violence. It has refused to
desist.

Derek Prince, a noted Bible teacher, in a taped Bible study related that
before the 1948 war, when Israel was not yet a nation, he observed with his
own eyes a skirmish between Jews and Arabs on a major street in downtown
Jerusalem. Prince had an apartment that overlooked the street, and his
5-year-old daughter told him to come and look. Arabs had trapped and killed
35 Israelis. When he saw the street, it looked as if supermarket meat had
been dumped there because the Arabs had shot the Israelis and then cut them
into small pieces. Prince was making the point in his study that the Arabs
in Israel still have this horrific mentality.

There are so many reasons why the Land ought not to be given to the PLO:

       1)     It is anti-biblical.
       2)     It rewards terrorism and the Intifada.
       3)     It elevates an ordinary killer (Arafat) to national
              leadership.
       4)     It will not lead to peace; the PLO has no intention
              of making peace.
       5)     It becomes physically impossible to defend the remaining
               parts of Israel militarily.
       6)     Jewish and Christian religious sites are being handed
              over to Moslems (such as the Church of the Nativity and
              Rachel's tomb in Bethlehem, and the tomb of the
              Patriarchs in Hebron).

It should be remembered that the struggle in Israel is spiritual as well as
physical. It is a contest of religions as well as a conflict between
peoples. A key feature of the End Times will be the reign of the Antichrist
during the Tribulation. And his reign will be religious as well as
political.

In his book 2000 A.D., a look 25 years later at his Late Great Planet
Earth, Hal Lindsey saw that the End Times were developing just as he had
predicted. He followed Scripture and it is all coming about. That would
explain the postures that everyone is taking, Christian, Jew and Arab. When
I first began examining prophecy, I had no idea that the Arabs would play
such a prominent role, that a common Arab terrorist such as Arafat would
one day be perceived as a figure of world importance.

It is all part of the coming of the End Times, and the world church of the
Tribulation could well develop from a pact between the sacramental
religions of the world, especially Moslems and Catholics. Author Dave Hunt
believes that the Catholic Church will play a prominent role in the
Tribulation, and he is not alone in that belief. An uncomfortable alliance
is forming of Catholics and fundamentalist Moslems which could be equal to
upwards of 2 billion people (almost half the world). It began over
reproduction ethics at the 1994 Cairo Conference. They found themselves
holding the line together about contraception, abortion, etc., and now are
in some sort of agreement. Although the Pope grudgingly recognizes that
Jews need a place to live, he still does not recognize Jerusalem as
Israel's capital and he wants Jerusalem to be divided, calling it the
capital of three great religions. You can contrast this view with that of
Mayor Ehud Olmert, who points out that the capital of Moslems is in Mecca
and that of Christians is in Rome, and therefore Jerusalem is solely the
Jewish capital.

Actually, it is the seat of the Catholic Church that is in Rome. The true
Christian capital will be the new Jerusalem, which we, the Jews and
Gentiles of the Church, will occupy. I haven't written the above as an
exercise in bashing Catholics. There are devout Christians within this
church, but throughout history the Catholic Church has shown a distressing
tendency to adapt itself to whichever cultural and religious adherents it
has tried to proselytize. In this way, error has entered into its doctrines
and practices. This trait of assimilation could be disastrous if it tries
to draw the other world religions within its folds and make peace by
diluting the Gospel to the point where Christ is indistinguable from
Mohammed, Buddha, or any other great "prophet."

Satan is the father of lies, and in the End Times there will be great
deception. Israel will play a key role in the unfolding of final biblical
prophecy, and so Satan is bound to do all he can to pull the wool
overpeople's eyes concerning the truth of its place in God's plan. The
world will continue to pressure Israel with one "peace" plan or another,
but  lasting peace is available only through our risen Savior; and He is
the One  to whom one day "every knee will bow, and every tongue confess
that Jesus Christ is Lord!

Write for Zola'a Newsletter, send mail to:
Zola Levitt Ministries
Box 12268
Dallas, TX  75225

For speaking engagements, write to the address above or send a FAX  to:
214-669-8640

Tell them that you read it in Prophe-Zine.

*****************************
Population Reduction
by Paula Demers

     Every time I turn around I will hear over the news, or read in the
paper of the tremendous over population of our planet.  This is very
interesting, because, from what I understand, if you took the entire
population of the world, stood them side by side in the state of Texas,
each person would have 1000 square feet. We are also told through various
media sources, that we are using up the earths precious resources.

     Yet we have the technology to find a license plate on a car by use of
a satellite. We have the technology for our government to listen to every
phone call going on in the United States by use of a computer.  This
computer has about 400 key words, that if it picks up on any of these
words, will record the phone call.  We have the technology to put a
computer chip contain all information on a person  in the back of their
hand the size of a grain of rice .  We have the technology to put all
information on a person on a strip in the back of their license, that can
be run though a little machine and call up all info on that person.  Is the
media trying to tell us that we don't have the ability to use the earths
precious resources wisely to feed and cloth everyone on the planet?  I
mean, our government pays farmers not to grow food.  Food in third world
countries is stored in buildings and left to rot.  What is going on here?

     What would be the purpose of stressing a fact that isn't even true?
For those of you folks who have read the Iron Mountain Report, you will
notice that they stress that the population would have to be at a
controllable level.  They give many examples on how the population could be
brought down to a level that would be controllable.  The simple fact is
that there are simply too many people on the earth to be controlled at this
point.

     The following information is taken from the report written by Dr. J
Coleman, (copyright 1992: 2533 North Carson Street, Carson City, NV 89706)
"Global 2000: A Blueprint For Global Genocide".  I will be using quotes out
of the report that should get every reader thinking.

     In the first paragraph of the report Dr. Coleman wrote, he stated, "In
1979 I received a copy of a massive document commissioned by the Club of
Rome and written by Cyrus Vance, three days after President James Earl
Carter accepted it as official U.S. Policy....Global 2000 was unknown
outside the Committee of 300 and carefully chosen official inside U.S.
Government circles...." Keep in mind that many of the ideas for "Goals
2000" came from 19th century thinkers and writers such as Jeremy Bentham,
William Petty-the Earl of Shelburne, H.G. Wells and Lord Bertrand Russell.
(page one, paragraph three)

     "In his book 'The Impact of Science on Society' Russell expounded his
views on how the world's population ought to be controlled, so as not to
become a threat to the privileged rulers...." (page three, paragraph five)

     "We are also witnessing the Great Plagues of 1987-2000 in the form of
AIDS, herpes, cholera, smallpox, tuberculosis....Aids, as we know, is an
artificially induced virus which in effect is a cancer of the blood.The
first experiments were conducted in Africa on the border of Sierra Leone
and Nigeria..." (page four and five paragraph's five and one)

     "...namely that the world is populated with too many redundant people
who must not be allowed to procreate and consume scarce natural
resources..."  (page five paragraph five)

     "..jobless people be confined in concentration camps, run by a join
stock company for profit....Once committed to concentration camps, inmates
would never leave there alive." (Page six, paragraph two)

     "Bentham, Shelburne, Wells and Russell hated the idea of education for
the masses....systems in operation that would allow people to have a
vocabulary of no more than 500 words....might help to explain why Alexander
King of the Club of Rome was commissioned to destroy education in
America.....A destructed education system qualifying millions who can
barely read and write....will ensure a society in which the majority can
and will be easily manipulated by men like President Bush, Cyrus Vance,
Lord Carrington and James Baker III." (page six, paragraph five)

     "The First and Second World Wars were wars designed to kill
millions....were not successful enough hence the new methods outlined in
the Global 2000 Report." (page seven, paragraph two)

     "the mechanism of agriculture and the industrialization of the world
was a terrible mistake....it has led to, and presently supports, a mass of
people who perform no indispensable service....consuming the limited
resources and destroying the environment of the globe....which they...the
Committee of 300 representing the 'preordained leaders' of the world, say
is theirs.....the remedy...lies in destroying an economy based upon
agricultural and industrial expansion, because these support larger and
larger populations of unwanted 'useless eaters'." (page seven, paragraph
seven)

     "The 'surplus population' thus created is targeted for death as
'useless eaters' in terms so clearly expressed in the Global 2000 Report."
(page eight, paragraph four)

     "By the year 2000 the world SHALL have rid itself of at least 100
million 'useless eaters' and by the year 2050, the number culled SHALL
amount to not less then 400 million." (Page nine, paragraph four)

     "By the year 2000...cases of AIDS in America will have reached 10
million, with millions more dying of AIDS-related diseases like
tuberculosis, meningitis, cholera and more than likely, from bubonic
plague. These events were planned and they are ongoing." (Page nine
paragraph five)

     The quotes I have given from Dr. Coleman's report sound pretty
unbelievable.  Or do they?  Let's take a look at what is happening  in our
country.   In the report, Dr. Coleman mentioned abortion and the gay life
style.  Abortion has killed about 36 million babies. Many in America have
been conditioned to believe this is not murder, but it has reduce America's
population by 36 million.  The gay life style was encouraged, because with
same sex partners, there is no procreation.

     The education system in America as "dumb downed" our children so much
that people are going to and graduating from college who can't read.
Outcomebased Education does not teach the basics of reading, writing and
arithmetic.  It is training our children to become "global citizens".

     The environmental movement is bringing man down to a level lower than
the animals.  In public schools, children are being taught to worship
"Mother Earth".  People can no longer do with their property what they
want, but are accountable to the government if they want to add a room to
their house, put a side walk up, cut a tree down.

     Our weather is being controlled.  Droughts, earthquakes, floods,
hurricanes are rampant.  People are starving to death because of droughts
in their countries and the food being shipped to them is being left to rot
in storage houses.

     Aids is rampant.  The behaviors that cause the spread of Aids is being
encouraged by our government.

     Civilian labor camps are being put up on military installations. Saw
an interesting article in the Daily News, January 8, 1995.  It was called
"Doing Time On The Outside".  It talks about using prisoners to do work,
like construction or road work, while they are in prison to save the
taxpayers money.  A sign on outside the Department of Corrections said,
"Inmate Work Crews, Reducing Costs to Taxpayers". As I was reading the
article, the thought kept going through my mind, "Is this how they are
going to get people use to seeing prisoner slave labor?"

     Global 2000 doesn't seem to have a list of people who they want to
get.  It seems that they consider most of the population "useless eaters".
I do imagine they will go after people fighting this first.  There was no
evidence that folks who keep quite and don't try to get the word out would
be safe.  No one will be safe.  The Committee of 300 believe that the world
is theirs to do with as they want.  The rest of us are excess baggage.

     This report reminds me of a scripture verse.  Matthew 24:21-22, "For
then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the
world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.  and except those days should be
shortened, there should no flesh be saved:  but for the elect's sake those
days shall be shortened."

This article was written by Paula Demers.  For more of her offers send two
first class stamps to Home Profits Business Builders, PO Box 280, Ft Walton
Beach, Fl 32549-0280

 *******************************
The Coming Last Days
 By: Dennis L. Finnan of The World, the Word & You

 Of all the subjects in the Bible, there is perhaps none of greater
interest than the subject of Prophecy. Why such an interest? Well,  that's
obvious. Everyone wants to know what the future holds, what lies ahead, so
we might plan our lives accordingly to make the future, if possible, more
secure, stable and of course less threatening. Now prophecy I believe can
do just that. Its main purpose of presentation in the Bible, is to bring
the inquirer a sure hope. That is, the hope of God intervening in the
affairs of men by coming again to the earth to finally rule and reign
Himself forever and ever. Now, in Bible terms we call this the "Second
Coming of Christ." It is not so much a singular event as it is a period of
time when God abruptly stops the autonomous living of His creatures, and
intervenes to directly accomplish His sovereign and eternal will. Now if
you are a believer in Jesus Christ, you have the authority and call to look
forward to this period of time with great anticipation and joy -- for God
intends it to be just that. And, to help believers in Christ do that, the
Lord has given us the Book of Revelation to especially help us see what
lies ahead. Particularly for believers, we see a bright new future that
awaits us.

 Therefore, it is important that every true believer in Jesus Christ,
regardless of their denominational affiliation, understand the fundamentals
of Bible prophecy. To do that we must catalog what we find the Bible
teaches on this subject. Of course, as one goes through the 66 inspired and
inerrant Books that make up our single Bible, one can find a plethora of
revelations that reveal the future. However no book in the whole Bible
touches the subject of prophecy more than the Book of "the Revelation of
Jesus Christ." This is the last book in the New Testament, and is one
everybody should be acquainted with. So let's examine the book in a brief
but chronological form, to see what God is telling us about our future that
lies ahead.

 The Book of Revelation is a very old book. It is almost 2000 years old. It
was written before the turn of the first century around 100 AD, penned for
us by an old man, one of the apostles of the Lord Jesus Himself. Yes, his
name is John, a man who literally and physically walked with God, our Lord
Jesus Christ. At this point in his life John was under persecution for his
faith. He had been banished from the Roman empire's grace and was
imprisoned on the Isle of Patmos, to be left alone in his last and final
days. However he was far from being alone. As a dynamic believer in the
resurrected and living Christ, John was in full communion and fellowship
with God. This is where we get the book of Revelation. God gave it to him
in a series of "revelations," or visions. Let's quickly but concisely look
at this book and see what fresh things it has to say to us as we march
towards the fantastic 21st Century.

 There are many differing interpretations of this prophetic book, but I,
being a fundamentalist, am proud to say I and the historic Christ is behind
me, together we believe that God's Word is to be literally interpreted.
However, such literal interpretation carries with it the authority to
interpret the Bible symbolically where applicable. Such application comes
by direct permission from the Biblical writers, or by common and clear
grammatical and historical usage of language. It is precisely here that the
Book of Revelation gives many people trouble. It is a book of symbolism,
more than literalism. You see, God intended it to be so because it is a
book that describes the future. If God literally revealed what was to
happen and how it would happen, it would disturb and destroy the normal
course of progressive advancement of the human race. That was not God's
plan, so God gives us this book with rich symbolic parallels that can be
understood as one enters the periods of time described therein.

 Now the Book of Revelation can be broken down into three sections of time.
In fact, we are told to do this for we read in,

 Rev 1:19 NIV "Write , therefore, what you have seen, what is now and what
will take place later."

 John was told to organize this book, so the human race might know the
past, present and future, concerning spiritual events. This is exactly what
we find.

 In John's series of visions, we find the first chapter of Revelation
covers the background of things that are past. Then in chapters two and
three, he reveals to us a series of messages God gave to the churches of
Jesus Christ during the period of time John was alive. These churches were
spattered all around Asia Minor and were real literal functioning churches.
Although these message were specifically given to their needs, they do
contain prophetic teachings too. However, I believe that is not their main
purpose. These two chapters are God's communication with them during their
period of human existence. But then we come to chapters four through
twenty-two. It is here we find God's Word presents what will occur in the
future. In fact, it was to be so far into the future, that these passage
still remain a future prediction of things to come. Nothing in Revelation
chapters 4-22 have yet occurred. So when we read, study and exegete them,
we must talk in the future tense and realize the symbolism may not be fully
understood, since the events and happenings have not yet occurred -- and He
still does not want to clearly reveal the future so as to change it as it
would normally unfold by human hands and living. Now with that behind us,
let's look at what lies ahead.

 In chapters 2-3, God talks to seven of the major churches of Asia Minor.
In these chapters we can learn some very important truths. I believe the
most important is that mankind hasn't changed in 2000 years! How Christians
lived in the first century is very similar to how we live out our lives
today. The messages to these seven churches therefore can be practically
applied to us today. Here Jesus Christ begins by personally speaking to His
flock at the Church of EPHESUS. The Lord summarizes them as the
"Backslidden Church" (2:1-7). He warned them to return to their first love.
The love of the Bible, witnessing, and living Christ before others.

 Next the Lord speaks to the Church of SMYRNA (2:8-11) for there, believers
were experiencing great persecution that brought poverty and shame. Jesus
encourages them to remain faithful for He would not forget their labors and
sacrifices and He revealed a great reward was coming for those who were
faithful.

 Third, we see a message to the Church of PERGAMUM (2:12-17). These
believers were faithful, but they had also become worldly. They began to
mimic the world, wanting to be like them. Soon they even began to adopt
secular thinking and actions. The church had been infiltrated by
"politically correct dogma" and the Lord rebuked them for it.

 Fourth in Revelation chapters 2-3, God speaks to the Church of THYATIRA
(2:18-29) as the "Idolatrous Church," for this church had theologically
defected! It actually begin denying God's Word and teachings. It began by
ordaining women preachers who became leaders and teachers in their midst --
and one in particular had lead many into New Age teachings that directly
denied the Lord who "bought them with His blood." Jesus warned and rebuked
them to turn away from this sin, or swift judgment would come.

 Now to the fifth church the Church of SARDIS (3:1-6), God identifies this
church as the "Dying Church." They had literally just about forgotten to
uphold and practice the life giving witness of their faith. They were no
longer evangelistic, and saw little use for it. In turn it brought about
their impending death. Jesus had no words of comfort or praise for them
only warnings and rebuke.

 Then we find the sixth church the Church of PHILADELPHIA (3:7-13). "Oh"
what a wonderful vibrant group of believers these were! Jesus had nothing
but praise for them for they were a strong and "Healthy Church." They kept
the faith, held fast the Word, and faithfully labored to win souls to
Christ. Would to God every church today would be like this church.

 But then lastly, the seventh church is the Church of LAODICEA (3:14-22).
Jesus called this the "Lukewarm Church." They tried desperately to have a
foot in both worlds. Not to hot for Christ, it
 would look bad for them in their communities in which hey lived. They
didn't want to offend their godless neighbors or public school officials.
Yet they didn't want to offend God either, so they gave God the "minimum,"
that they thought would keep them known as believers. Yet God said to them
He would "cast them out of his mouth," as for all who are compromised,
half-hearted followers! Now that is God's Word in Revelation to the
churches of John's day. And, since human history often repeats itself, we
can apply the unique actions and emphasis of these churches to ours today.

 But now we come to the fourth chapter of Revelation. It is here
controversy begins. For this chapter exclusively takes us into the far
future, to a time when multitudes and millions of human beings are "in
heaven," praising God. Now, when can such a time as this exist? The answer
is, when God calls the entire Church home! From other Scripture we can
easily and clearly conclude this fourth chapter is a prediction that the
Church of Jesus Christ one day, in all fullness will be "caught away" from
the earth, to be with the Lord (1 Thess 4:13-18). This is called the
doctrine of "the Rapture." Now, here is the controversy. Everyone does not
agree when and how the rapture occurs, if at all! However, being a
fundamentalist and a believer in historic Christianity, we find the book of
Revelation naturally and literally tells us that Chapter 4 precedes
chapters 5-22, the final events of human history. Therefore, if one
naturally believes the whole Bible's record, the Book of Revelation gives
us a perfect scenario of when the Rapture of the Church occurs. As the last
portion of Revelation beginning in chapter five reveals a time when God
intervenes in the godless affairs of men, the church must be raptured
before this happens! This in eschatology is called the Pre-millennial,
Pre-Tribulational Rapture view of the Church. That means before the
Tribulation Period formally begins, God will literally "snatch away" His
Church in a "twinkling of an eye." That my friend is a future prediction
and of all future prophecy, is the next step on the events God has planed
for this world. Literally, one day, perhaps even today, at any moment, the
trumpet of God will call His Church home and the world will be left to its
godless, selfish, sinful ways.

 But then, following this glorious event that begins the Period known as
the Second Coming of Christ, God promises our world that we will for a
short time, be left to our own sinful ways. For Chapters 5-20 tells us of
the almost unbelievable and tragic events that are coming on our world. In
rich symbolic form we are told God is going to pour out judgments on this
Christ rejecting world, during a period of seven years. Judgments so
terrible and horrible, it will be the worst time of human history! A time
that begins with the promise of human peace, but ends in the wicked
subjugation of the world to a demon possessed world leader known in the
Bible as the antichrist, who destroys all hope for humanity's future.

 Now, three series of judgments are predicted in Revelation that are known
as: (1) THE SEVEN SEAL JUDGMENTS (5-8) - a time when the fullness of
today's anti-god ideology blossoms, followed by a massive world war,
planet-wide famine, terrible disease and plagues and massive global
anarchy, persecution and martyrdom.

 Then God promises to unleash on this Christ rejecting world, what the
Bible calls (2) THE SEVEN TRUMPET JUDGMENTS (8-12). Here the whole creation
will "vomit up" its distaste for the godless and demonically inspired
rulership. We are told in these chapters, that the seas will be polluted
and turned to blood, the sun will become dimmed, celestial bodies will fall
and invade the earth, the fresh water systems of the planet will be
polluted, and literally demons previously chained in Hell, will be
unleashed and allowed to pour out their wicked hatred upon on all the
godless who rejected Christ and His people. Friend, it will be time not to
be alive, but ironically, no one will be able to die for a short period of
time -- all will suffer terribly for their open rebellion and sins. But
then, the last series of judgments are called by John

 (3)) THE SEVEN VIAL JUDGMENTS found in chapters (13-18), but specifically
revealed to us in chapter 16. Here we are told God  begins His plan of
rescuing the human race from its sin fevered demon infection. Seven plagues
that repeat what has happened before, but with more intensity, are
unleashed upon the world! All these judgments pave the way for the final
world battle called Armageddon. Here wicked unsaved mankind under the demon
possessed leadership of the antichrist, will attempt to attack God as the
final moment occurs. At the close of the seven years of tribulation, the
skies break open and reveal the coming Revelation of the Lord, at what is
called the Battle of Armageddon. This battle is actually never fought, for
Revelation 20 tells us upon Christ's return, in an instant by the word of
His mouth, He slays all sinners who have stood against Him. Then the
victory is won, the battle is over the godless, the humanists, the
homosexuals, the immoral, the false religionists, and the irreligious - all
will have lost the battle to take over this world. And they will be at that
time, judged and cast into Hell to suffer forever and ever.

 Now, following this judgment of the nations, and of course the miraculous
saving of Israel, that is not the emphasis of my thoughts today - God opens
a new era of human history called the 1000 year reign of Christ, literally
on the earth. Now my moments with you are almost gone, so what can we say
to wrap this up? Only one thing. The time for us to consider these things
is now at hand. I believe we are so close. Will mankind survive and enter
the 21st century? Many believe God will wind things up when this Millennium
comes. However, I'm not a date setter, but I am a believer in God's Word,
for the startling realization that all this coming true is ever more my
conviction. Therefore, I want to be ready for the coming of the Lord. I
want my life to count for Christ in '96 as never before. I want to be on
the vanguard of faithful, and sacrificial service for the King! Oh that
when He comes, He will find me faithful. Say friend how about you? Will you
commit by faith to join me? Will you become ever more committed to
theLord's church and His work? If so, bow with me in a moment of prayer.

 "Father God, I confess as I look over my life, there is much more I can do
for you and much more I can be like you in this new year. Come into my
heart in a fresh and dynamic way Lord, and begin a real revival in me, that
I might be on "fire" for Christ. May my home, my family my job and my
witness been seen in a new light that will reveal a dynamic change from
things in the past. Oh God, use me to be a vibrant witness for your Word
and call, and anoint me afresh with the power of the Spirit to be ready
when You call. This I pray and ask in the authority and Name of my Savior
Jesus Christ. Amen."

 If you can say amen to that with me - then be ready for a dynamic new
beginning! And, may God grant this to you for Jesus sake. Amen.

 As we close I do not want to leave out those who have yet to enter God's
fold. If you cannot remember a time when you dedicated your life to Christ,
you surely don't want to be here should the Rapture come tomorrow. All
these terrible things that lie ahead will be your portion for life, before
you are cast into an everlasting Hell. No friend, God wants better for you,
and He now offers you pardon, if you'll come to Jesus Christ confessing
your sins, and calling upon Him to save you. That's exactly what I did more
than 20 years ago as I listened to a radio preacher in my car while
traveling. I paused and prayed for salvation and forgiveness, I dedicated
my life to Christ, and right there God changed me and accepted me, and
since then I've had the joy and deep peace that has been my guide and stay.
I pray you too will ask Christ into your life before its too late. God
grant this to you here and now - for it is God's accepted time.

    *  Radio talk # 0196
    *  Broadcast date: January 7, 1996
    *  Speaker: Dennis L. Finnan, Commentator
    *  Program: The World, the Word & You! Radio Broadcast
    *  Address: P.O. Box 575 St. Charles, MN 55972-0575

                --------------------------------------

 The World, the Word & You! Broadcast is a non-denominational ministry
based on the historic fundamental evangelical interpretation of the
Scriptures.A copy of our doctrinal statement is available upon
request.These weekly radio commentaries can be heard in selected areas
around the nation. Dennis Finnan has been the speaker for 16 years, and
serves as General Director. These transcripts are available free of charge
to all who desire them. Also available are radio cassette tapes and printed
booklets of each message. A free listing of all messages is available upon
request also.


 For further information, reprints, or a listing of all topics, please
write to our speaker, Dennis L. Finnan at wwyfin@sparc.isl.net.

Visit The World, the Word & You www site at:
http://www.isl.net/wwyweb/wwy0196.html

********************************
Abortion - The Lie Some Beleive
By: Wayne Merritt  (A1nOnly@ aol.com)

Greetings,

I wanted to write to you all about some more New Age information entering
the church. But, as I read my local paper I noticed that the Partial Birth
Abortion bill (DNX) is heading to the Presidents Desk and rumours say Mr
Clinton will veto it, allowing this procedure to be another means of
abortion. You know the procedure if you have been following this. It turns
the babies body around in the womb, pulls the body partially out with
forceps, up to the neck, leaving the head in the womb, then the doctor
inserts a instrument into the back of the head, making a hole wide enough
to use a high power vacuum if you will, to suck the brains out and deflate
the head. All in the name of saving the mom!!!!

Let me tell you a story before I move on:

Mrs Jones just delivered her 3rd child, the child was 48 hours old and home
from the hospital. The child was up all night and Mrs Jones was exhausted
the next day. Well the husband, Mr Jones, getting most of the sleep the
night before decides to take the other two children out for Ice Cream while
his wife took a afternoon nap while the baby slept. This was much
appreciated by his wife. While Mr Jones and the two older children were out
enjoying there time together, Mrs Jones was awakened by the fire alarms. As
she  rose, the house was filled with smoke.  She was disillusioned and
panicky.  She got her facultys in order and ran towards the babys room,
hardly being able to see through the smoke. As she open the door she saw
the fire was ablaze in that room, an inferno. She Ran in the Room, risking
her life for her child, knowing the room pretty well was the only thing
that got her to the crib. She picked up the baby, choking and she noticed
her pant leg was aflame. Not caring she crawled to the front door her leg
must have been on fire it was so hot. Managing to open the front door, she
crawled out to the porch, a neighbor present took the baby, and dragged Mrs
Jones to safety. The neighbor already had called the fire dept and police
and managed to give mouth to mouth to the baby, who was choking and dowse
the fire from Mrs Jones pant leg. The story ends that both Mom and Baby
were okay and by the Grace of God saved from this tradegy.

The MOM risked her life for her Child.  Does this story come as a surprise
to you. Wouldn't all mom's, who are in danger, risk there life for there
very own? As a Husband and Dad, would Mr Jones risked his life for his
wife, if he came home during this time?

As I read Ephesians 5:25 I am told by Paul that I, as a husband, are to
risk my Life for my Wife as Chirst gave Himself for the Church.

I would give my Life for my wife, and children. This is not only what is
commanded of me, but what is in my heart.  My wife would give her life for
our children. Everyone of them. This is what is in her heart. Why, all of a
sudden, is it different by this "Save the Mom" abortion lie? Why would our
president sign such a procedure?  Well, Clinton said that if it would save
the mother this would be the right avenue to take. NO! ITS NOT! ITS EVIL,
ITS WRONG! Doesn't Jesus Christ command us in a different view
completely......... The long term effects, Not in the MIND but in the
heart, of this mother whom chose to abort the baby for her own life would
be devastating. This is because God knows us, He knows what is right for
us, and that is why HE commanded us, in these tradgic situations, to give
our lives for others. What a tradegy it would be for anyone to get into a
decision of Life or Death..... But what would you choose? I know what your
would choose, cause the truth of the Gospel is in you.

We take the Free Gift from God, thats Jesus's suffering and final victory
over sin.

Did Jesus Love the Church (his Bride) enough to die for it?

Do End Time Saints Love Jesus enough to die for the truth?

Will those who accept Jesus after the Rapture be put to death for HIM?

Its not hard to discern this abortion issue. Its a lie from that pit called
hell. Its confusion, murder, pain, suffering and unjust!

 I wish I could be more optimistic when I write, but its so so hard. The
ways of the world lead to death, and then death again! AND I see souls
daily that are misinformed, victims of the lie, not only abortion, but lies
from the world. My heart goes out to them, I want them so badly to know the
truth in Jesus Christ. I was one of these lost souls, and now I am found,
as the song goes. For me, I am the model of optimisism, but for the lost
world, I feel in my heart for them. This is why I write in sorrow and
agony, not for us, but for them.

In His Blessed Name.....
Wayne Merritt
Romans 6:23

Editor Note: At first I was not going to present this article, but after
some prayer and consulting with the author and friends, I put it in. I
really was up in the air about this topic but after talking to Wayne and
another one of my confidants they both reminded me of a few verses. One was
2 Tim 3:1-5, these verses  talk about the Godlessness in the last days.
The second verse was in Galations 5:19-21, this section talks about the
fruits of the flesh. Wayne and my friends both opened my eyes, and I
recognize the fact that this "political" topic, is a topic of prophecy. As
Wayne told me "it (abortion) is not the New World Order or Bio Chips, but
it is a part of Bible prophecy ."  In a resent letter to one of my readers,
I myself told that person that we must look at everything and not put on
those blinders. So I want to thank Wayne and my friends who advise me for
opening my eyes and helping in taking off MY blinders.

Ray
Prophe-Zine

***************************

THE TRUTH IS IN THE AIR
Author Unknown

How Near Are We to Christ's Return?

Jesus gives us a clue as to the time, or season, of His return in the book
of Matthew. He refers to Israel as the fig tree and tells us when Israel
once again becomes a nation, as they did on May 14, 1948 after nearly 1900
years of scattered exile, this generation shall not pass without witnessing
His return. We are living in that era now (Matthew 24:32-51).

	The book of Revelation, written by John on the Isle of Patmos, contains
detailed prophecies of the events surrounding Christ's return, many of
which are being fulfilled every day. For example, John foresees an army of
200 million advancing from the East. China now has that many. According to
Revelation 16:12, this army will cross the Euphrates River on dry ground.
In 1990, Turkey built a dam which could make this possible. Earthquakes,
plagues, weather changes and a falling away of the churches are all
occurring as prophesied. Christians look up-you redemption draweth nigh!

	You can expect perilous times from now until the end. As for the time of
His return, no man shall know the day or the hour, but we should all heed
the signs. Paul says in I Thessalonians 5:4-6, "Let us not sleep as others
do but watch and be sober." Whether you believe it or not, God has set an
appointed time with destiny which cannot be evaded or postponed. Since the
turn of the century we have seen world wars, civil wars, famine communism,
dictatorships, terrorism and the collapse of family valued. It has already
started to happen and will get much worse.

	The good news is you can have faith in Jesus, who shed His blood for all
mankind and who promises eternal life (Romans 6:23). His promise is found
in I Thessalonians 4:16-18.

The Thrilling Promise from Jesus

	"For the Lord Himself shall descend form heaven with a shout, with the
voice of an archangel and with trumpet call of God; and the dead in Christ
shall rise first. Then we who are alive and remain shall be caught up
together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air; and we shall
forever be with the Lord. Wherefore, console one another with these words."

How the Establishment of the New World Order Fulfills Prophecy

	Scripture forewarns the revival of the Roman Empire as a sign that
end-time events are in motion. The result will be a One World government,
One World economy and One World religion. Read Daniel 2,4,7,and 9. The New
World Order which world leaders so enthusiastically herald will be led by
ten nations. A charismatic leader will arise and take control of this
confederacy by confirming a peace covenant between Israel and many nations.
(Daniel 9:27). He will be the antichrist. A false messiah. The Bible says
this man will be mighty and perform miracles. If possible even the very
elect will be deceived (Matthew 24:2-4). With the calamity surrounding the
establishment of this new world order, (read Ezekial 38 and 39), peace and
prosperity will reign for 3.5 years. Then all hell will break loose. The
antichrist will set himself up in the Jewish temple as God. The ensuing 3.5
years of tribulation will be so severe that few will survive.

	The good news is, the church of Jesus Christ will be spared from the seven
year reign of the antichrist and false prophet. All born again Christians
will be with Jesus during this period and then return with Him to triumph
at the final Battle of Armageddon (Revelation 3:10-11). Jesus will then
establish His kingdom on earth for 1000 years (Zechariah 14).

	Beware of New Age philosophies and cults trying to deceive. The Bible
warns of these: "Therefor, test the spirits and make sure they are of God."
Instead they teach that you yourself can achieve Christ consciousness or
become Godlike. They believe that in the year 2000 they will usher in a New
Age kingdom and rule. Furthermore, they admit this cannot be done without
first removing Christians from the world, a process wickedly referred to as
'spiritual cleansing. 'Dear Christian brothers and sisters, stand firm in
your faith.

The Countdown Has Started

	The Epistle of Barnabas and many other early Christian writings taught
there would be 6000 years of man's unjust self-governing then a 1000 year
Millennium in which Christ would rule. Victorinus, Bishop of Petau, wrote
in around A.D. 270; "the true and just Sabbath should be observed the
seventh Millennium of years. Wherefore, to those seven days the Lord
attributed to each a thousand years". (2 Peter 3:8 and Psalm 90) The
antichrist will rule for seven years. (Daniel 9:27) If a peace pact is
confirmed soon, where does that place the Rapture of the church? Where does
that leave you?

	If you are left on earth during the seven year reign of the antichrist
(false messiah, do not accept the mark of the beast, the number 666, or you
will be condemned eternally to Hell. (Revelation 14:9-10)

	We are living in the most critical time in the history of the world. The
proliferation of nuclear weapons, ethnic  tensions and aggressive behavior
are out of control. As a spiritually reborn Christian you have nothing to
fear. You can be with Jesus during the terrible rule of the antichrist and
then return with Christ when He sets up His kingdom, where all is peace and
harmony. If you think this article is a fairy tale, read Revelation
chapters 13, 14, and 19.

How Can You Be Sure You Are Ready?

	My friend, Jesus did it all on the cross, without the shedding of His
blood there would be no redemption (Romans 5:80. Jesus said;"I am the way,
the truth, and the life, no man cometh unto the Father but by me." (John
14:6) Christ also told Nicodemus; "you must be born again to see the
Kingdom of God." (John 3:3) Become born again today and live you life for
Jesus and spend eternity with the Lord. The Rapture is near, Jesus could
come today! Our prayer is that you will be ready and that multitudes find
the narrow path that prepares them for this final event. Read John 3:16.

If you desire to have a personal relationship with God through His Son
Jesus Christ, please pray this prayer: Dear God I am a sinner and repent of
my sins. I need Jesus Christ to come into my life and become my Lord and
Savior. I accept His sacrifice on the cross and the penalty and payment for
my sins. Thank you for loving me and for giving me a second chance. I give
my life to you in Jesus name.

"For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved." Read
Romans 10:9-11 & 10:13, John 14:1-3, Revelation 3:20, I Peter 2:2, Hebrews
10:25, Philippians 4:6-7, Ephesians 2:8,9

*************************

COMPUTER'S AND THE MARK OF THE BEAST
By: Robert Smith

Many advanced Computers are available with many designations, but one is
especially interesting. NCR produced a six-core memory computer with 60
bytes per word in conjunction with six bits to the character. It is named
and advertised as the 6-60-6, which defines the size and shape of the
computer. The only way this can be pronounced is six sixty-six (666). In
computer language, 666 has a unique significance.  A computer is an
information retrieval system, and all of its information is stored as
numbers. A computer's memory cell has only two states--on and off, or
mathematically 1 and 0. Thus, every number must be represented in 1s and
Os. We use a decimal system based on 10; thus, it has 10 symbols: O, 1, 2,
3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. Computers use a binary system using two symbols (O and
1). To manage large numbers, computers use a binary coded decimal system
(BCD), which consists of groups of four digits, to make up all numbers. By
comparing the groups of numbers listed below one can find each system's
equivalent symbol. Thus, OOO1, OO11, O111, O1O1 in the binary coded decimal
system is equal to our decimal system number 1,375.

DECIMAL SYSTEM BINARY SYSTEM


O             =    		OOOO
1             =          	OOO1
2             =         	OO1O
3             =         	OO11
4             =         	O1OO
5             =          	O1O1
6             =          	O11O
7             =          	O111
8             =           	1OOO
9             =          	1OO1

(For various reasons, some computers use Base 8 (O-7) and therefore do not
use the last two symbols shown.)

As shown in the BCD system, the number 6 is represented by O11O. This is
unique because O11O written backwards or upside-down is still O11O. The
only other number in the BCD system with the same property is its
complement 1OO1, or 9. (However, not every computer counts past 7.). This
consistency is the same in every country in the world, unaffected by
language because every computer speaks the same language of "1s and "Os."
Thus, O11O, O11O, O11O is 666 universally.  In the Book of Revelation, John
said that 666 is the mark of the Beast. This number also represents the
universal consistency of the computers that will be required to control the
world's finances and thus the world's people. When John wrote 1,900 years
ago, he did not know anything about the binary number system, computers, or
why computers would require binary coded decimals. Yet, he stated
emphatically that the mark of the beast is 666. The Government's system for
identification uses 18 digits, the last nine of which are the Social
Security number. Virtually every citizen in the country over the age of 1
will be forced to have a Social security number. Starting in 1990, every
child over one year old must have a Social Security number to qualify as a
dependent on tax returns. Preceding this 9-digit Social Security number are
3 digits corresponding to one's telephone area code. Obviously, the whole
world is tied by phone; every barren deserts with no inhabitants have area
codes. In front of these numbers is a country code; for America it is 11O.
From this single, universally consistent number, the government will
instantly know a person's country, region, and identity. Does that seem
logical so far? But that accounts for only 15 digits, and the system is
based on 18. The missing 3-digit code specifies that you are in the system:
666. Is that enough to concern you? The point is that 666 is a significant
and important part of what the future is going to hold. The Bible
prophesied it.

By: Robert Smith

***********************

Note: This is for all the people who are confused about the World
Government movement. It is not a conspiracy, in fact it is open and in the
public records. The Bible speaks about this as well in Daniel and
Revelation.  -- Ray PZ --
_________

A Brief Chronology of the World Federalist Movement in the United States
Congress

     The following information is documented in "Conspiracy of Silence: An
American's Guide to Congressional Documentation of the World Government
Movement in Congress," by Richard R. Biondi, Operation Patriot Spectre.

                       WORLD  FEDERATION?

     --  Article 109 of the United Nations Charter provides that 2/3 of the
General Assembly  or any  9 Members  of the  Security Council can call  a
general conference--or world  constitutional convention--to "strengthen the
Charter." Whereas our Founding Fathers were called to Philadelphia to
strengthen the Articles of Confederation and emerged with  the Constitution
of the  United States, proponents  of  world government wish call a general
conference to strengthen the United Nations Charter into a world
constitution.

     --  Since 1945, individuals representing special interests have
lobbied the United States Congress and the President of the United States
to take the lead in transforming the United Nations into a world federation
open to all nations  with defined and limited powers adequate to preserve
peace and prevent aggression through the enactment, interpretation, and
enforcement of world law.

     --  From 1949 - 51, Alan Cranston served as president of the United
World Federalists and helped convince 111 Members of the House--including
Rep. John F. Kennedy  and Rep. Gerald Ford, 22 Members of the
Senate--including Sen. Hubert Humphrey, and 25 State
legislatures--including the state of Washington, to strengthen the United
Nations into a world government by cosponsoring world federalist
resolutions.

     --  On July 21, 1955, President Eisenhower offered the Soviet Union a
comprehensive disarmament verification system known as "Open  Skies." Under
the  proposal, the U.S. and the U.S.S.R.would have exchanged their entire
national defense blueprints and allowed for aerial verification of
disarmament compliance.  Khrushchev rejected the proposal.

     --  On November 21, 1955, the U.N. General Assembly decided that "a
General Conference to review the Charter shall be held at an appropriate
time."   The Soviet  Bloc voted  against the  U.N. Resolution.

     -- In 1960, Senator Joseph Clark introduced S. Con. Res. 83 which
called for the United States to take the lead in opening Article 109 to
"strengthen" the  United Nations into a world federation. Prominent
cosponsors of S. Con. Res. 83  included Senators Byrd of West Virginia,
Church, Humphrey, Kefauver, Kennedy, McCarthy, and Symington.

     --  On September 21, 1961, President John F. Kennedy called for
general and complete disarmament and the establishment of the international
machinery to insure a just and lasting  peace. In essence, President
Kennedy called for world government. Once again, Khrushchev rejected the
world government/disarmament proposal offered by the United States.

     --  In 1968, Senator Joseph Clark was defeated for reelection. In
1969, Sen. Clark became the president of the United World Federalists.

     --  Also in 1968, former president of the United World Federalists,
Alan Cranston, was elected U.S. Senator from the state of California.

     --  In 1971, Senator Cranston introduced Senate Concurrent Resolution
45, which was essentially a refined version of S. Con. Res. 83 from 1960.
Prominent members of the Washington establishment that supported Senate
Concurrent Resolution 45  in 1971 included Senators Bentson, Byrd of West
Virginia,  Church, Sen. Robert Dole, Humphrey, Inouye, Kennedy, McGovern,
Mondale, Packwood, Pell, Ribicoff, Schweiker, and Taft.

     -- A similar resolution was introduced into the House of
Representatives, known as H. Con. Res. 258. HCR  258--introduced by Rep.
Hungate--had a total of 131  cosponsors in  the House  of Representatives,
they include Representatives Anderson (now president of the World
Federalist Association), Dellums, Drinan, Foley, Kemp, Mathias, Michel,
Mitchell, Sarbanes, and Symington. In 1972, Walter Hoffman of the World
Federalists--USA and Ronald Glossop--chairman of the Greater St. Louis
Chapter of World Federalists were invited to testify before the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. Here is the text of SCR 45 -- almost identical to HCR
258:

***
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representatives Concurring),
         Whereas  the United Nations General  Assembly voted on December
11, 1970, to request  the Secretary General to "invite Member States to
communicate to him, before July 1, 1972, their views and suggestions on the
review of the Charter of the United Nations" (General Assembly Resolution
2697 (XXV)): Now, therefore, be it
         Resolved  by the  Senate (the  House of  Representatives
Concurring), That it is the sense of the Congress that--
     (1) The United States should continue in its historic role of
providing world leadership in working for modernization and reform of the
United Nations, and toward the establishment and preservation of a
civilized family of nations in accordance  with the highest aspirations of
mankind.
     (2) The President is hereby requested to initiate high-level studies
in the executive branch of the Government to determine what changes should
be made in the Charter of the United Nations, to promote a just and lasting
peace through  the development of the rule of law, including protection of
individual rights and liberties as well as the field of war prevention. The
President is further requested to report to the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House
of Representatives before June 30, 1972, the results of such studies.
     (3) The Government of the United States should take the lead in
calling for a conference to review the United Nations Charter in accordance
with article 109 of  the Charter, not later  than 1974.
***

     --  In 1973, Sen. Alan Cranston, along with Sen. Taft, introduced S.
Res. 74, 75, 76, 77, 78. Sen. Alan Cranston wanted the United States to
give up its sovereign right  to oppose the decisions of the International
Court of Justice .
     1) SR 74: Resolution expressing the sense of the Senate with respect
to the submission of  United States territorial disputes to the
International Court of Justice.
     2) SR 75:  Resolution expressing the sense of the Senate with respect
to the adjudication of disputes arising  out of  the interpretation or
application of international agreements.
     3) SR 76:  Resolution expressing the sense of the Senate wit  respect
to establishing regional courts  within the International Court of Justice,
increasing  the categories of parties which may request advisory opinions
from the International Court of Justice, selecting Judges of the
International Court of Justice, and having the InternationalCourt of
Justice consider cases outside the Hague.
     4) SR 77:  Resolution expressing the sense of the Senate with respect
to the Jurisdiction  of the  International Court  of Justice.
     5) SR  78: Resolution expressing the sense of the Senate with respect
to access to the International Court of Justice. "1) to permit private
individuals, business organizations, and  other legal entities or persons
to accept  the compulsory  jurisdiction of the Court."

In order to have a global rule of law, a supranational body  must have the
ability to enact, interpret and enforce world law. Over the years, the
language of the world federalist resolutions  have been deliberately
reduced to vague and idealistic language. In order to understand them, you
have to understand the history of the world federalist movement itself.

     --  In 1974, Rep. Robert Drinan introduced H. Con. Res. 417--the Right
to Peace Resolution--

***
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate Concurring,)
That--
   (1) A world without war is possible.
    (2) In such a world nations  will rely for their external protection on
world institutions strong enough to stop any nation from making war,
capable of assuring peaceful and just settlements of disputes, and reliable
enough to be entrusted with such powers.
   (3) It is the policy of the United States to initiate and to implement
with other nations practical steps consistent with our commitment to the
United Nations for the expeditious realization of such institutions.
***

     -- Rep. Drinan was chairman of the World Order Strategy Committee of
the Members of Congress for Peace through Law. Sen. Bob Packwood served as
the vice-chairman.  Rep. Drinan introduced HCR 417 as a stepping stone to
strengthening  the United  Nations into a world federation. 40 Members of
the House of Representatives cosponsored the above resolution, including
Representatives Brown of California, Dellums, Hungate, Lehman, and
Symington.

     --  In 1975, the world federalists were invited to testify before  the
Subcommittee on International Organizations and Movements of the Committee
on  Foreign Affairs. Luther Evans, representing the World Federalists, USA,
testified. The President of the World Federalists, USA, at this time, was
former Sen.  Joseph  Clark--the  Senator  who introduced  SCR 83  (world
federalists resolution) in 1960. Rosemary Ginn, representing  an
organization known as the U.S. National  Commission or UNESCO--which
advocates  the concept of world citizenship--submitted a list of members of
the Commission. Sen. Robert  Dole  and Sen.  Lloyd Bentson  were members
of the  U.S. National Commission for UNESCO.

     -- The world federalist attempted again to influence the Committee on
Foreign Relations in 1979 during a hearing known as United Nations Reform,
held on October 26, 1979.  Walter Hoffman, representing the Campaign for
United Nations Reform, and Donald Keys, representing the World Association
of World  Federalists, testified before the Committee.

     --  There were no world federalist hearings held from 1980 - 1993. One
can speculate that the world federalist movement went underground in order
to confuse its  opposition. This is quite plausible considering that this
information is  not discussed  in our public educational establishment, in
the "mainstream"  media, and even Sen. Bob Dole has engaged in a conspiracy
of silence.  Will he admit he supported a world federalist resolution?

     --  President Clinton has furthered the world federalist cause  by
implementing  PDD  -  25.    PDD  -  25  shifts   more responsibility to
the United Nations by reducing U.S. financial burden for peacekeeping
missions, providing U.S. military  bases for U.N. training operations, and
allowing U.S. troops to  serve under U.N. command.

     -- On October 19, 1994, the Gorbachev Foundation USA--which is chaired
by  Alan Cranston and George Shultz--released the Global Security
Programme. Alan Cranston is the head of the U.S. delegation for the Global
Security Project. Their  proposal includes "New security and peacekeeping
arrangements designed to reduce perceived needs to rely on nuclear weapons,
including measures to strengthen the authority of the  United Nations and
regional security institutions."

     -- On October 24, 1994, the House Subcommittee on International
Security, International  Organizations and  Human Rights of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs invited George Shultz of the Gorbachev Foundation USA,
Ernst  B. Hass--an  integration theorist, and Mr. Tad Daley--member of  the
World Federalist Association and director of the Campaign for a New United
Nations Charter to testify before the hearing known as United Nations  at
50.

-- In 1995, Sen. Bob Dole push the G.A.T.T. Treaty (World  Trade
Organization) through the Senate. Is it not one of the powers of Congress
to regulate foreign commerce? Why would Sen. Dole and the Washington
Establishment give this essential right to a supranational authority?

What Proponents of World Government Have Said

"The plain fact is that the creation of some sort of world government is
inevitable. The world has been moving toward some form of world-wide
political institution ever since man stood on his hind feet and began to
walk. The areas governed have grown steadily larger, commencing with the
family, through the tribe, to the village, then the state, and now to the
nation as we  know it. Plainly the world has shrunk so small, with
transportation so rapid, with methods of destruction so violent, that it
cannot long continue as a jungle  of anarchistic nations."    --  Alan
Cranston, president of the United World Federalists, 1950.  Taken from: US
Congress,  Senate, Subcommittee of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Revision of the United Nations  Charter. Hearings, 81st Congress, Second
Session, February 2 - 20th, 1950.

"World Government is not only possible, it is inevitable; and when it
comes, it will appeal to patriotism in its truest, in its only sense, the
patriotism of men who love their national heritage so deeply that they with
to preserve them in safety for the common good."  --  Sir Peter Ustinov,
president,  World Federalist Movement. Taken from  Glossop, Ronald. World
Federation? A Critical Analysis of Federal World Government, London:
McFarland, 1993, inside cover.

"It has been suggested that 1995, the fiftieth anniversary of the Charter,
would be a good time for such a conference [Article 109], especially since
there are some things which definitely need to be changed such as a
reference to the no-longer existent "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics"
in Article 23 and the reference to Japan and Germany as "enemy states" in
Article 53. A conference to discuss possible changes in  the Charter could
conceivably turn out to be somewhat parallel to the 1787  meeting where the
U.S. Constitution was developed even though the meeting had been called by
the Continental Congress only to consider amendments to the Articles of
Confederation, not to draw up a new federal constitution. A meeting to
review the UN Charter might become a meeting to consider a constitution for
a world federation." Taken from: Glossop, Ronald. World Federation? A Critic
al Analysis of Federal World Government, London: McFarland, 1993, p. 194.

By: Richard Biondi <rbiondi@u.washington.edu>

For more info:
Operation Patriot Spectre
18700 33rd Ave W, Ste. B - 156
Lynnwood, WA  98037 - 4709

***********************

Below is the article "Gorby Gives Birth to the New World Order", written by
one of the CDR's networkers, Lu Haynes of Washington State.  The article
was originally distributed electronically by Steve Washam
<steve.washam@wwwhbbs.com.

Lu attended the latest "State of the World" forum hosted by the Gorbachev
Foundation/USA which is headquartered at the Presidio (former US Naval
Base) in San Francisco.  This article is an excellent piece in that it
gives us a shocking inside view of the movement to bring America under a
one-world  government.  It is especially valuable in countering the "oh,
you're a  conspiracy nut" attacks by the main-stream establishment press
(i.e.,  Limbaugh) whenever the issue is mentioned.

Keep in mind that Gorby said in 1987:

     "In October, 1917, we parted with the Old World, rejecting it once
      and for all.  We are moving toward a new world, the world of
      communism.  We shall never turn off that road."

And in a 1989 speech to the Soviet Congress he stated:

     "I am a communist, a convinced communist; for some that may be
      a fantasy, but for me, that is my main goal."

And finally, the 1/23/93 edition of the Cape Cod Times quoted Gorby as saying:

     "The future needs...  international institutions acting on behalf of
      all.  A higher institution that operates on a consensus.  Such a
      choice would narrow the independence many believe the United States
      now enjoys...  President Clinton will be a success if he uses American
      Influence to accomplish this transformation of international
      responsibility and increase significantly the role of the United
      Nations...  He will be a great president - if he can make America the
      creator of a New World Order based on consensus."

This is the man whose Gorbachev Foundation/USA is [as he announced in his
"Accepting the Keys to the Presidio" speech] the foundation which has
created a national task force on U.S. military base closings. [Source: San
Jose Mercury News, April 21, 1993]  For those who don't know, the closure
of our military bases,  eventual complete demise of our military and
transformation of the U.N. Peace Force into the strongest military force in
the world is the current policy of the U.S. government as per State
Department Publication 7277, Public Laws 87-297 and 101-216.


Dan Druck, Council on Domestic Relations Congressional Candidate, 8th
District, Illinois

Council on Domestic Relations
	web page: http://www.logoplex.com/shops/cdr/cdr.html
	(last update 1/5/96)
Druck for Congress web page:
	http://ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/ddruck
	(last update 2/1/96)

Permission to reprint / repost this message and the article is given so
long as such is accurate and proper credit is given to each author
respectively.

_______________________________________________________________

Gorbachev is "Giving Birth" to a New World Order
by Lu Haynes

January 12, 1996

The convening of the State of the World Forum, hosted by the Gorbachev
Foundation/USA, was not earth-shaking news. Dignitaries trekking to the
posh Fairmont Hotel in San Francisco from 50 far flung countries, most
paying $5,000 to be a part of the prestigious gathering, was deemed not
newsworthy.  As a matter of fact, an examination of the two leading San
Francisco newspapers revealed very sparse reporting of the Sept. 27th to
Oct. 1st event.  The Bay area TV coverage was scarce as well, leading one
to assume that San Francisco, and the rest of the nation, stifled a
collective yawn at the goings on.  This underwhelming response to a group
who claim that at this momentous juncture in history, "We are giving birth
to the first Global Civilization" whets the curiosity.

One of the purposes of this, the first of several forums, was to provide
meaningful interaction between the participants.  The intellectuals get
familiar with the business executives. Has-been statespersons
(euphemistically called "senior statespersons" by the Forum organizers) get
to know the New Age scientists.  The New Age spiritualists build up trust
with the philosophers.  The entertainers get spiritual with the youth.
Vietnamese Buddhism meets Mongolian Buddhism meets Cambodian Buddhism.
Consensus, and a new view of what reality is, is born. This was a
'by-public-exposure' kind of meeting.

The 500 attendees were exclusively hand-picked by Mikhail S. Gorbachev,
Convening Chair of the State of the World Forum, and Jim Garrison,
President of the Forum.  Mr. Garrison, President of the Gorbachev
Foundation/USA, felt he was assembling "some of  the most thoughtful
individuals in the world...to analyze the current state of the world."  and
"to articulate the fundamental priorities, values and actions necessary to
constructively shape our common future."  Garrison, founder of the elusive
Christic Institute, also is credited with the edict that "we are going to
end up with world government" and "we have to govern and regulate  human
interaction."

Carefully screened and Forum-accredited reporters were the only
non-participants allowed to witness the likes of Esalen's Michael Murphy,
"country boy" John Denver, millionaire motivator, philosopher Tony Robbins,
Shirley McLaine (of "Irma La Douce" and Out on a Limb fame) and her
sidekick, Dennis Weaver, massage the egos of the Forum's Co-Chairs: the
Presidents of Costa Rica and Kyrgyzstan; Prime Minister of Turkey; ex-Prime
Ministers of Japan and the Netherlands, Thabo Mbeki, Executive Deputy
President of South Africa; Peace Prize winner and Marxist feminist
Rigoberta Menchu Tum; and Chairman of the Earth Council Maurice Strong,
media tycoon and world citizen Ted Turner, ex-Secretary's of State George
Shultz and James Baker III.  Gorbachev, speaking on the first night after a
candlelight dinner (featuring beef medallions in shashlik marinade topped
with panna cotta and autumn fruit for dessert, the first of several
banquets prepared by celebrity chefs) took time to recognize good friends
South Africa's chief Communist Party member, Mbeki, and ex-senators George
Mitchell and Alan Cranston, among others.  It was after 11 P.M.  when Jane
Fonda surreptitiously took her leave, just about the time Gorby began
peeling back the "profound layers among the interfaces of politics,
geopolitics, and philosophy."

He announced that the Forum was the "first step in establishing a global
brain trust," which will eventually usher in a global constitutional
convention and a 'Bill of Rights for the Planet.' Recognizing that the
first attempt at global governance failed when the League of Nations (which
predated the United Nations formation in 1945) disintegrated, the Forum
plans not to repeat their error of leaving "too much power to individual
states (countries).  Gorbachev must feel the "sweeping crisis that
threatens our entire civilization" will be solved by the year 2000 as the
last Forum meeting is scheduled to take place then. Imagine, by 2000 we
will have "a new civilization, a new kind of politics" and we will have
"reinvent(ed) the world together."

The President of the Carnegie Corporation, David Hamburg, who believes that
privately endowed foundations can operate in areas government may prefer to
avoid, participated in the Forum. Hamburg's background includes his
hammering out a tax-exempt foundation for the U.S.  State Department,
negotiating with the Soviets several years ago concerning "curriculum
development and the restructuring of American education."  Note this
"negotiation" occurred before the Evil Empire was declared dead by
President Reagan.

New Age Dr. Deepak Chopra of San Diego told the rapt audience that they
must "see the world as if for the first time...for only then is there an
opportunity to create...a new world.  We cannot do it the way we have done
it in the past.  It is time to change the whole paradigm through which we
view physical reality."

Zbigniew, President Carter's former National Security Advisor, who earlier
explained to a Forum audience how regionalism must come before world
government, attempted to explain to a reporter why there were no Christian
leaders at the Forum by stating, "I happen to know that President Gorbachev
is a very good friend of the Pope - and I am too."  His reply, as did
Gorbachev's, danced around the question but was revealing just the same.
Christianity was not represented because pantheism (everything is god) was
the order of the day.

A common thread seemed to be the shared concept of an erasing of borders
and delineations between countries.  A backdrop map shown on the stage
outlined continent shapes.  World or global governance to well-known
painter Peter Max must also meaning rubbing out any separation between
nations as his posters displayed continent outlines only.  Gorbachev
addressed the importance of consensus for global governance, negating
sovereignty, which eliminates the needs for borders.

They take their job very seriously, these one-world do-gooders. Evidence
the well-fed, pampered Forum audience, at a plenary meeting on Saturday,
and how they hung on to every word of the New Age guru Sam Keen, who
pronounced, "If we cut the world's population by 90%, there won't be enough
people left to do ecological damage."  His proposal received enthusiastic
applause. The presumption was that Keen's audience would be among the
elect, the remaining 10%, the ones chosen to do the "cutting." Another
example of this blatant elitism surfaced last year, when Gorbachev was
being interviewed by Audubon, when he declared that "Americans have to be
more modest in their desires."  Coming from someone who lives a lifestyle
resplendent with gourmet foods and catered surroundings makes his words
reek of pomposity.

How many people buy the globalist government lie?  Evidently the Forum
promoters were anxious about empty seats that would reflect how meager the
number of their committed clique really is; three incidents reveal this
concern.  Sprinkled among the illuminaries were the average people such as
the delegation from South America, who, try as they might, could not
account for their being invited to the Forum.  Then there was the musician
who proudly exhibited the esteemed press pass.  He had been asked to play
at an evening session and was not paid but was awarded the ID which allowed
him entry to the meetings.  He chose to partake of only one meeting and
admitted the subject matter was beyond his understanding.  It would be
interesting to know how many others in attendance were simply "fillers,"
not sure how they came to be there, or why and not really in tune with the
"transforming human consciousness" to which Gorbachev referred.

The final bash on Sunday, at the Masonic Hall, involving CNN's Bernard Shaw
and former leaders Gorbachev, Bush and Thatcher, revealed hundreds of
vacant seats.  TV monitors were set up and functioning to accommodate the
large empty wing sections, so organizers must have hoped last minute
arrivals would pay the $100 to view the one hour "discussion."  They
didn't.  The lack of paying customers and the evidence that there really
isn't a large number of these elitists almost made up for the standing
ovation the audience gave Gorbachev when he strode onto the stage.  And
then there was the pick-up with a large "GET US OUT OF THE UN" sign in the
truck bed that appeared just as the Masonic Hall was emptying.  The driver
proceeded slowly down the street as the Shirley McLaine types were trooping
out of the Masonic Auditorium, only to loop around the block and return a
few minutes later, and then again.  Perfect timing.

When you burrow to the core of all the rhetoric, you discover how all this
will directly affect you.  Gorby claims "we must change the nature of
consumption" by moving away from a technology-centered way of living.
There is only one way to interpret this; his New World Order will dictate
every aspect of our lives, forcing civilization back to the barbaric dark
ages, before technology replaced human sweat and blood.  His time frame
gives the social planners five years to redistribute the world's wealth,
transfer all armaments to the United Nations peacekeeping FORCE, to further
empower the United Nations, initiate a global tax, implement the
overpopulation solution, and to eliminate nationalism (read "patriotism")
as well as nationhood's border barriers.

In the broad scheme of things this meeting is like a tiny blip on a radar
screen.  The enormity of the impending disaster becomes evident only when
one sees the entirety of the gathering storm; the United Nation's inroads
into America's sovereignty, our government's brutal and sometimes murderous
attacks against law-abiding citizens in business, church communities and
homes, our own representatives in D.C.  flagrantly and/or ignorantly voting
in opposition to their oath, making a mockery of the Supreme Law of the
land, the Constitution.  We must inform government at all levels what all
these global elitists are proposing for OUR future, and challenge them to
stop the onslaught, and we must educate others, many others, unless we look
forward to the alternative - abject slavery.

We are in a war, not of our choosing, but a war nonetheless.  Our enemy is
anyone who disdains being an American citizen and who instead chooses to
claim the label, "citizen of the world."

The State of the World Forum, sponsored by the Gorbachev Foundation/USA, is
just one of the mechanisms being used in plotting the destruction of this
country.  The outcome of this war will be determined by how you and I
choose to fight and how much we are willing to sacrifice to win.


***********************
Prophe-Zine News Bites

Attention Colorado Residents!!!
The "Spirit of Elijah Prophecy Conference" is coming your way!

The study of Bible Prophecy is a great hobby of mine. I call it a hobby
because me being a Christian, I am not commissioned by my Lord to go out
and spread the Gospel and Study Bible Prophecy. (See Mt 28: 19-20) Thus it
being a hobby.

Being a student of Bible Prophecy, I am always on the hunt for the newest
books, newsletters and videos. I also enjoy going to Prophecy Seminars. If
you live in the Ft. Collins area, great news, you have a big Bible Prophecy
seminar coming your way being sponsored by The Institute of Prophetic
Study. This will be taking place on April 2, 3, 4th, 1996. The following is
the list of speakers who will be in attendance.

Terry Cook: Author of "The Mark of The New World Order"

Norm Franz: Director of Institute of Prophetic Study. Editor and publisher
of The Elijah Report.

Henry Gruver: Called by God to walk and pray down spiritual strongholds in
more than 100 cities.

Gary Kah: Author of "Enroute to Global Occupation"and "Demonic Roots of
Globalism"

Ralph Messer: Founder and leader of "Simchat Torah" and who is dedicated to
the exposition of the Hebrew Scriptures.

Paul Schell: Host of the Daily Television program "Prepare For War" in the
Denver, CO area.

Conference fees are $50.00 per person and $90 per Couple. These fees
include 3 days and 3 nights of the conference and also includes the
Passover meal on April 3rd.

If you live in the Colorado area or would like more info about attending
the "Spirit of Elijah Prophecy Conference", call 970-490-1543. They can
also give you information about hotel registration.

If you know of any seminars or speakers coming to your area, and if you let
me know ahead of time, I will let the readers of Prophe-Zine know. I need
about a month and a half leeway time.

++++++++++++++++++++++++

MICROCHIPS, SMART MONEY, And "THE BEAST"
By: roger.clarke@anu.edu.au.

     What do these things have in common? They are all components in what
some believe to be the future of identification, and ultimately, control of
humans.

The Beast-
     In revelations they speak of the "mark of the beast" that will be in
everyone's hand and on everyone's forehead.  Do the numbers 666 ring a
bell? Well, some claim "the beast" is the nickname given to a huge computer
located in Europe, with the only storage system large enough to hold the
credit records forall the people in the world.  The numbers 666 are the
firs, middle, and end numbers of the bar codes now found on every item that
is bought, sold, or consumed today.  Even the native American Hopi culture
talks of the "mark of the bear" that will be found on all trade items and
will be a sign of the "end times".  A bear marks his territory by scraping
his nails down the bar of peripheral trees, leaving the mark that resembles
a bar code of ten lines of varying thickness.

Microchips-
     Overheard at the local Walmarts in a small town in Michigan,"Well, if
they planted a chip in McVeigh's buttocks, all he has to do is jump up here
on the checkout stand and see if it's working".

     Microchip implants are not as implausable as we wished they were.
Popular Science in their October l994 issue are quoted as saying "Within
the next ten years, we'll have minature computers inside us to monitor and
perhaps even control out blood pressure, heart rate, and cholesterol.
Within 20 years, such computers will correct visual and hearing signals,
making glasses and hearing aids obsolete."

    At least that was how Bertrand Cambou say it, as the director of
technology for Motorola's Semiconductor Products in Phoenix. Cambou has
been part of a miniturization of microprocessors and the development of
wireless communication technologies.  It is now possible, notes Cambou, to
put the sensors, processors and wireless radio frequency devices for an
internal computer onto a single, tiny chip.  The RF signallying would
permit accurate readouts of vital statistics without attaching anything to
or drawing anything from the body.  Even more amazing internal computers
might enable the deaf to hear and the blind to see. A chip implanted on the
optic nerve,
for example, could correct defective images or simply transmit entire
images to the nerve.

     Microchips can also be used for migraine headaches, behavior
modification, upper/downer, sexual stumlant and sexual depressant. This is
nothing more than electrical accupuncture.

Smart? Money-
     The "Smart Card Forum" is the most powerful force behind the "cashless
society" of the future.  The Forum is an industry group made of up leading
banks, retailers, equipment makers, and government agencies attempting to
produce standards for smart cards as universal as those that exist today
for magnetic stripe cards.

     In Europe, systems such as Denmarks' Danmont and a British system,
called Mondex, that keeps track of up to five different currencies, are
already being utilized.  Largely because of Europe's more centralized
economies and the greater degree of government involvement and
standardization, the cards are already well established.  The entire bank
payment system in France, involving 22 million people, has been converted
to smart card technology.  Germany's health care system uses smart cards
for patient information and billing.  Mastercard is launching it's effort
in Australia.

     "They'll never do away with cash", some might say,"What about crime,
drugs, and even government laundering?" There is already a form of
cybercash that cannot be linked to an owner or spender.  One of the first
forms of currency online is already international Digicash, based in the
Netherlands, is the creation of David Chaum, a former computer science
professor.  With DigiCash the user is anonymous- unlike with RSA- type
system. Banksa and credit card companies are bypassed. DigiCash is
untraceable cash and holds potential for money laundering and other fraud.
Banks and financial institutions are likely to resist it for many years to
come.

     Can't happen in the US, well, it already is. At the United States
Marine's basic training program at legendary Parris Island, South Carolina,
recruits are paid by smart cards that can be used at base facilities or the
local bowling alley and Burger King.  The corps figures that the system
saves about $40,000 a year, not to mention several hours in the processing
of each recruit.  In addition, a new generation of dog tags called (in true
Pentagon fashion) "Individually Carried Records", or IRCs, contain rank and
serial number as well as additional personal information.  Indeed much of
the technology used in smart cards for finance is an outgrowth of their use
for security purposes.

    At the l996 Olympic Games being held in Atlanta this year, no cash will
be allowed, as a testing ground for Visa's new "smart card".

    For the next few years, smart cards are likely to include magnetic
stripes and perhaps bar codes along with their chips.  These transitional
cards will gradually replace the driver's license, medical insurance cards,
bank cards, and credit cards that bulge the contemporary wallet.

    Put them all together and what have you got? Microchip implants that
contain your identification, banking, and medical records (with
adjustments) literally fitting into the "palm" of your hand? I hope not.

For further reading about "Identification Technologies and Their
Implications for People" check out the Australian National University's
symposium- roger.clarke@anu.edu.au.

+++++++++++++++++++

Prelude to those "so called Prison camps"?
By: Ray Gano

This is a bill that has been recently introduced. The government proposes
to use the vacant military bases for "Detention Centers" to combat illegal
aliens...that is for now. Read Luke 21:12-14 and then tell me what you
think.

H.R. 1915:
Senator Alan Simpson, Author:  Sec. 112. PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF
CLOSED MILITARY BASES FOR THE DETENTION OF INADMISSIBLE OR
DEPORTABLE ALIENS.  (a) ESTABLISHMENT - The Attorney General and the
Secretary of Defense shall establish one or more pilot programs for up to 2
yrs each to determine the feasibility of the use of military bases
available because of actions under a base closure las as detention centers
for the Immigration and Naturalization Service.  (B) REPORT - Nor later
than 30 months after the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General,
together with the secretary of State, shall submit a report to the
Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate,
and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and to
the Senate, on the feasibility of using military bases closed under a base
closure law as detention centers by the Immigration and Naturalization
Service.

+++++++++++++++++++

Holland continues to support Palestinian's claim to Jerusalem

JERUSALEM (January 18) - Holland's Foreign Minister Hans van Mierlo
restated his nation's support of the Palestinian claim to eastern
Jerusalem, Faisal Husseini, the senior PLO official in Jerusalem, said
yesterday after meeting him at Orient House.

"Holland has always recognized east Jerusalem as part of the occupied
territories," Husseini told reporters. "Holland, as you know, does not
recognize Israel's annexation of east Jerusalem in 1967."

Husseini said "Negotiations on Jerusalem's future are to start in May, and
Israel has no right beforehand to take unilateral action in Jerusalem."

"We thought the Dutch were our friends," said Women in Green leader Nadia
Matar. "But apparently they believe Jerusalem belongs to the great murderer
[Yasser] Arafat." Women in Green were in front of the Orient House
protesting Hans van Mierlo meeting. By Hans van Mierlo meeting here in
Jerusalem, his government recognizes the PLO's claim to Jerusalem. The
Orient House is the PLO's "White House / Seat of Government" in Jerusalem.

On Tuesday, a meeting between Dutch Prime Minister Wim Kok and Jerusalem
Mayor Ehud Olmert was almost cut short, after Olmert sharply criticized
Dutch policy on eastern Jerusalem, a city spokesman said.

In Genesis the Lord says that He will bless those who bless Israel and
curse those who curse Israel. I guess we know where Holland stands.

+++++++++++++++++++

Turkish Deputy Foreign Minister:
Israel's policy of conciliation towards Syria is a mistake.
By Aluf Ben, Ha'Aretz, Jan. 11 1996

Onor Oyman, the Turkish Deputy Foreign Minister, who is currently visiting
Israel, spoke harshly against Syria yesterday, and accused the Syrians of
using terror for political gain. "How is it that a weak and economically
backwards country is trying to look like a regional leader?" asked Oyman,
and cautioned Israel: "A policy of conciliatioon towards Syria is a mistake
just like the pre-World War II conciliatory policy. Israel should take this
into account in its negotiations with the Syrians".  According to Oyman,
"it is forbidden to show the Syrians that terror is worthwhile, or that
they will receive the Golan because of the use of terror. Otherwise, they
will continue it". He said that the Syrians have refused all Turkish
attempts at conciliation and at ending Syrian support of Kurdish terrorists
of the PKK. Turkey is wary that a peace agreement between Syria and Israel
will bring to a removal of Syria from the American list of
terror-supporting countries, while Syria continues to support the Kurds,
who are acting against Turkey. Oyman's Israeli colleague, Eli Dayan, said
that Israel will not sign any agreement with Syria unless they divorce
themselves of all terror. Oyman said that the biggest danger of the Syrian
policy is their making a connection between terror and the disagreement on
regional water rights. He stated that Turkey will not join any regional
water project in which Syria is involved, because of the friction between
the two countries. And so he made it clear that plans on building a
pipeline from Turkey, who is rich in water resources, to the dry countries
to the south of it, have been frozen.

Shalom Im Hagolan

Avi Zeira
Golan Residents Committee
Katzrin, Golan Heights Israel

Web site: http://www.golan.org.il

Subscribe to the Golan list by sending a request to listserv@golan.org.il
with the following message: subscribe golan-h <your name>

+++++++++++++++++++

The Monday Morning Wake-up Call
By: gemrsrch@ix.netcom.com

Average martyrs p.a. as of following dates:

Martyrs (1996):      159,000
Martyrs (1900):       35,600
Martyrs (1970):      230,000

Martyrdom across the ages has garnered a significant amount of interest
recently. In Our globe and how to reach it (1990, Barrett & Johnson),  the
grim facts are presented. From AD33 to 1990, there were 420  situations of
martyrdom (where large groups of Christians are killed). In 56 of these
over 100,000 were killed; in 20, more than half a million were killed and
in twelve over 1 million were killed. The bulk of these situations occurred
in two periods: the first, between 1000 and 1500 AD, and the second, a much
shorter period, 1900-1980. 26 million, over half of all Christian martyrs
ever, were killed in this latter period. Some 9.9 million were martyred in
the past forty years alone.

+++++++++++++++++++++

What is THE TEMPLE INSTITUTE?
By: Rabbi Chaim Richman

Introduction

The Temple Institute is an educational, non-profit organization located in
the Jewish Quarter of Jerusalem's Old City. The Institute was founded in
1987 with a unique goal in mind: to raise the conciousness of the Jewish
people - and the world in general - to the realization that mankind's
spiritual vacuum can only be filled by the rebuilding of the Holy Temple on
Mount Moriah in Jerusalem, location of both the First Temple and Second
Temple ...and the location of the Third Temple, as promised and foresee n
by every prophet of Israel, without exception. Through ongoing educational,
scientific and research-related projects, our goal is to further the
understanding and awareness of the spiritual significance of the Holy
Temple to all mankind... as taught by the Bible of Israel. "For My house
shall be called a house of prayer for all nations" (Isaiah 56).

Today, at the Temple Institute in Jerusalem, Biblical prophecy is being
fulfilled. Here, you can see something which has not been seen on the face
of the earth for 2,000 years: In preparation for the Third Temple, the
Temple Institute has created authenti c Temple vessels and priestly
garments according to Biblical specifications. This is an ongoing process,
and to date over 60 sacred objects have been recreated from gold, silver
and copper. These vessels are not models or replicas, but they are actually
made according to all the complicated nuances and requirements of Biblical
law. If the Holy Temple were to be rebuilt immediately, the Divine service
could be resumed utilizing these vessels. Click here to see some of these
recreated vessels. The Institute operates a permanent exhibition, "THE
TREASURES OF THE TEMPLE," which has attracted over 250,000 visitors from
around the world. The exhibition has been featured in Time Magazine and
numerous other publications, and receives ex tensive media coverage around
the world.

Research and Development

In addition to its work on the recreation of Temple vessels, the Institute
is conducting a number of related research projects. These include the
importation of authentic Red Heifers to Israel, in preparation for the
ritual purification detailed in Number s:19.

Other 'firsts' include the identification and gathering together of all 11
ingredients of the incense offering, and the long and exhaustive research
in identifying the stones of the High Priest's breastplate - the 'Urim
V'Thummim.' There is even advanced work being done by technicians and
architects, using sophisticated computer technology, to design actual
blueprints for the Third Temple.

To find out more about the work of the Temple Institute, Jerusalem, and the
Temple, send an email message at crlight@netvision.net.il, or fax: Rabbi
Chaim Richman, 972-2-860-453.

++++++++++++++++++

1996 Series U.S. Currency
Forwarded to PZ by Tim West

The United States will issue currency with new security features beginning
with the $100 Federal Reserve notes in early 1996. These enhancements make
U.S. currency easier to recognize as genuine and more secure against
advancing technologies which could be used for counterfeiting.

This currency will be introduced one denomination at a time. Following the
$100 bill, lower denominations ($50, $20, $10, etc.) will be issued at the
rate of about one denomination per year. There will be no recall and no
devaluation of any U.S. currency. The notes incorporate both familiar and
new features, while remaining recognizably American.

A Smooth Transition

All U.S. currency will continue to be honored at full face value. There
will be no recall or devaluation of any U.S. notes. As the new currency is
phased in, the old notes will be retired by the Federal Reserve when they
are returned by financial institutions. This means that there is no time
limit or requirement for exchanging old notes for new notes.

Familiar Features

Many elements of the currency remain the same, including:

   * Size of the bill
   * Ink colors -- black on the front and green on the back
   * Paper -- cotton and linen with red and blue fibers
   * Texture of the paper
   * Historical figures and back illustrations -- with slight alterations
   * Motto -- "In God We Trust"

New Features

A number of new security features have been incorporated into the new design.

The security thread runs vertically just to the left of the portrait; the
watermark is to the right of the Treasury Department's seal; color shifting
ink appears on the lower-right "100."

   * Larger, Off-Center Portrait
   * Watermark Portrait
   * Color Shifting Ink
   * Concentric Fine-Line Printing
   * Microprinting
   * Security Thread
   * Serial Numbers
   * Federal Reserve Seal

To check out more about  the New Money,  aim your www browser to:
http://woodrow.mpls.frb.fed.us/info/money/newcurr/newcurr.html

+++++++++++++++++

Rush To The `New World Order'
By: Committee To Restore The Constitution, Inc

Reform Of United Nations Peacekeeping Operations: A Mandate For Change
Staff Report to Committee on Foreign Relations, United States Senate,
August 1993, S.Prt 103-45.  Document, 106 pages, available from US
Government Printing Office, Superintendent of Documents, Congressional
Sales Office, Washington, DC 20402, ISBN O-16-041449-0
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SELECTED EXTRACTS

 Major Restructuring Of United Nations Headquarters Peacekeeping Operations

 (1) Establish a separate Peace Support Operational Directorate with combined military and civilian support personnel.

 (2) Expand the UN supply depot in Pisa, Italy to ensure there are
sufficient backup supplies to meet the immemdiate need of peacekeeping
operations.

 (3) Create three new functions to improve peacekeeping capabilities:
 (a) A United Nations peacekeeping training unit capable of providing
continuous training to military and civilian personnel both before and
after they are deployed.
 (b) A United Nations intelligence system that can anticipate conflicts and
filter intelligence to units in the field.
 (c) A United Nations Inspector General's Office.

 Establlish A Rapid Response Military Force On United Nations Standby

 (1) Improve current UN training and contingency planning for peace support
operations.
 (2) Earmark stand-by forces to respond rapidly to crisis.

 Enhance United States Support For Peacekeeping Operations

 (1) Review legal and administrative constraints on US participation in
peacekeeping operations.
 (2) Negotiate Article 43 (UN Charter) special agreements with UN covering
the types of forces and other assistance to facilitate US contributions to
peace operations.
 (3) Provide assistance to the UN in modernizing its peacekeeping operations.
 (4) Allow deployment of US combat troops under UN command.
 (5) Train US and foreign troops in peace operations.
 (6) Give US military personnel with UN peace operation experience special
designators on their personnel files.
 (7) Encourage US police officers to participate in civil police (CIVPOL)
operations.
 (8) Change US funding of peacekeeping operations so that the defense
budget contains an appropriation for estimated support of the US military
in UN operations, and with the State Department budget reflecting US
assessed contributions.

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Extended reprint "Reform of United Nations Peacekeeping Operations: A
Mandate for Change" in April 1995 BULLETIN, Committee to Restore the
Constitution.  Send self-addressed, stamped #10 envelope to:
Archibald E Roberts, LtCol, AUS, ret, Director
COMMITTEE TO RESTORE THE CONSTITUTION, Inc
P O Box 986   Fort Collins  CO  80522

Implementing Executive action, US Senate, "Reform of United Nations
Peacekeeping Operations: A Mandate for Change" is revealed in "The Clinton
Administration's Policy on Reforming Multilateral Peace Operations,
Presidential Decision Directive #25, 3 May 1994 (State Department Summary).
Relevant extracts available via e-mail from:  comminc@mail.fortnet.org. Ask
for INTERLOCKING SUBVERSION text.

 PDD #25 is central to Specialist Michael New Defense, standing court
martial for refusal to don UN garb.

+++++++++++++++++++++

Date: Thu, 15 Feb 1996 02:14:00 -0800
Subject: The Revolution Starts in New Jersey...

	ATTENTION ALL MOTOR VEHICLE OWNERS

                Millions Of Vehicles To Be Affected By New
                        VEHICLE CONFISCATION LAW

On June 2, 1995, Governor Whitman signed legislation #SCS-1700. It is  NOW
LAW, and will be fully implemented against all New Jersey car and  truck
owners as soon as the necessary testing facilities and remote  monitoring
stations are constructed - expected sometime in 1996-97.  Briefly, SCS-1700
states the following:

All motor vehicles over four years old will be required to report to  new
CENTRALIZED TESTING FACILITIES for "ENHANCED EMISSIONS  INSPECTIONS". If
your car or truck fails this test - the vehicle MUST  be taken off the
road. Only three percent of those vehicles failing the  test and having
already spent a minimum of $450 for repairs will be  granted a waiver
allowing them to remain on the road for two more  years. You have no appeal
and no other options.

                            NOW FOR THE BAD NEWS

Motor vehicle inspections will cost $24. The I/M ENHANCED EMISSIONS  TEST,
in which an operator "drives" your car through a simulated  dynamometer
road test, is DESIGNED TO FAIL 60% OF ALL CARS, this  according to the EPA.
Almost no vehicles over 10 years old are expected  to pass. You have no
protection against damage or the destruction of  your vehicle by such
stress testing methods. 97% of those vehicles  failing the new enhanced
emissions test will have their registration  renewal automatically denied
by the state. Such vehicles cannot be sold  to any other individual or
dealer and essentially become FORFEITED TO  THE STATE... which will receive
"pollution credits" they can sell to  industrial polluters for every
vehicle they take off the road. Owners  of failed vehicles must surrender
their license plates within 45  days...and since NJ law already prohibits
you from having an  unregistered vehicle on your own property, local law
enforcement can  then seize it at will. Assisting it in this effort, NJ DEP
recently  revised the state's definition of "quasi-public" to include ALL
RESIDENTIAL DRIVEWAYS AND PARKING LOTS" - Yes, you've also lost your
private property rights!

Repairs can only be attempted by a STATE CERTIFIED REPAIR FACILITY...to
which you have no say about work quality or cost. You can no longer
legally perform emissions related repairs yourself, nor can you take it  to
your trusted mechanic (unless they first receive state certification  and
invest $100,000 in equipment).

As part of SCS-1700, roadblocks will be established throughout the  state
to randomly test a percentage of all vehicles. Automated sensing  devices
will be installed along New Jersey highways to monitor your  vehicle's
emissions as you drive by. Violators of the new emission  standards will
have their license plates PHOTOGRAPHED; thus enabling  the state to issue
summonses through the mail. Severe penalties, fines,  and jail time have
been attached to all violations of this new  legislation. In fact, the
state will begin kicking back a commission to local police for their help
in seizing your car!

Remember, SCS-1700 is aimed at TAKING YOUR CAR OFF THE ROAD! It is  aimed
at producing one car families. Collector, hot rod, and hobbyist  cars are
history. A spare car for local trips, a teenage driver,  student, or the
commuter park and ride is history. That classic Mustang  convertible has
been redefined as a "gross polluter" and is now  targeted by the state for
the crusher. Many car and truck related  businesses will suffer or fail.
Ironically, state officials are  recommending you start saving your money
now to buy a new car-an  impossibility for most individuals given our
current local tax burden  of around 50%.

The issue here is ever increasing government controlling not only your
mobility, your life and your freedom, but even your ability to work and
earn a living. It has almost nothing to do wih clean air. Remember that
you have NO LEGAL RIGHT TO DRIVE in this state. New Jersey considers it
their PRIVILEGE to allow you to drive on their roads...and starting
sometime in 1996 they will be taking it back. As stated by EPA Region 8
administrator William Yellowtail, "Cleaning up cars and the roads is  only
half the solution...the much more difficult half involves getting  people
out of their cars."

Sound far fetched? Can't happen? Remind you of a Soviet or Nazi style
police state? FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF. Call Legislative Services at
800-792-8630 and ask for a free copy of SCS-1700. Ask for your
legislator's phone number and voice your concern. Call DMV Director  Dick
Kamin at 609-984-9827 and request all administrative and DEP  requlations
associated with SCS-1700. Call Governor Whitman at  609-292-6000. Ask for a
repeal of this horrendous legislation. Most  importantly-SPREAD THE WORD!
Copy and distribute this flyer everywhere.  Fax it to business associates.
Warn your friends. Till now, you've  heard very few details regarding
SCS-1700...since politicians  desperately want to keep the nightmare they
rammed through the  legislature quiet until after you reelect them.
Remember this election  day that you finally have alternatives to the two
party system that  once again stomped all over your rights...and VOTE!

            TODAY NEW JERSEY.....TOMORROW YOUR STATE!!!

+++++++++++++++++++

ARMAGEDDON DELAYED: ANOTHER WATCHTOWER DISAPPOINTMENT

  For several decades, the Watchtower  has taught that 1914 marked the
invisible presence of Christ, and that the generation that saw the world
events that occurred since 1914 would be the one to witness Armageddon and
the subsequent establisment of an earthly paradise.

  The November 1, 1995 Watchtower marks yet another disappointment in
Watchtower history. In the article 'A Time to Keep Awake', page 17, the
magazine states, "Rather than provide a rule for measuring
time, the term 'generation' as used by Jesus refers principally to
contemporary people of a certain historical period, with their identifying
characteristics." On page 19, the article goes on to state, "Therefore, in
the final fulfillment of Jesus' prophecy today, 'this generation'
apparently refers to the peoples of earth who see the sign of Christ's
presence but fail to mend their ways." It is of interest to note that 80
years was previously thought to be the maximum length of a generation.
Measuring by that standard, the culmination of events witnessed by the
generation of 1914 should have had it's final fulfillment in 1994.

  In keeping with the change in the interpretation of 'this generation',
the Awake! magazine's masthead, or statement of purpose, has been changed,
as well.

1/8/68  "Awake!" pledges itself to righteous principles, to exposing
hidden foes and subtle dangers, to championing freedom for all,    to
comforting mourners and strengthening those disheartened by the failures of
a delinquent world, reflecting sure hope for the establishment of God's
righteous new order in this generation.

1/8/75  Most importantly, "Awake!" provides hope, giving you a basis    for
confidence in the Creator's promise of a new order of lasting peace and
true security within our generation.

1/8/78  Most importantly, "Awake!" builds confidence in the Creator's
promise of a peaceful and secure new order within our generation.

1/8/82  Most importantly, this magazine builds confidence in the Creator's
promise of a peaceful and secure new order before the generation that saw
the events of 1914 C.E. passes away.

6/8/83  Most importantly, this magazine builds confidence in the Creator's
promise of a peaceful and secure New Order before the generation that saw
the events of 1914 passes away.

1/8/87  ["statement of purpose" removed]

3/8/88  ["statement of purpose" reinstated] Most importantly, this magazine
builds confidence in the Creator's promise of a peaceful and secure new
world before the generation that saw the events of 1914 passes away.

1/8/91  Most important, this magazine builds confidence in the Creator's
promise of a peaceful and secure new world before the generation that saw
the events of 1914 passes away.

11/8/95  Most important, this magazine builds confidence in the Creator's
promise of a peaceful and secure new world that is about to replace the
present wicked, lawless system of things.

  Notice that the Awake! had stated it was 'the Creator's promise' that the
generation of 1914 would see the establisment of God's 'peaceful and secure
new world.' Has the Creator's promise changed? Or, is it possible that the
Watchtower again misinterpreted Scripture,  found themselves in an
embarassing situation, and were forced to revoke the promise that they made
to their readers around the world?



39





