Prophe-Zine, Issue # 21
June 15, 1996

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 21

Prophe-Zine News Bites ....Assorted News sources and faithful readers

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on the
1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet. You can also get back issues at Prophe-Zine's web site.
Address: http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in Matthew 28:19:
                  "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine
Prophe-Zine
Copyright (c) 1996 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from the
author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, , Color-It, JPEGview, OnLine Bible KJV 2.1.

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

*****************************
Welcome to Issue # 21

************************
Habitat II
From: Berit Kjos

sovereignty to the United Nations, a body rooted in socialist economics and
occult spirituality. Strange as it seems, they trust that a united world
and its collective wisdom will transcend
human tendencies toward tyranny and lead us into a new age of peace and
oneness.At the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II)
which meets June 3-14 in Istanbul,  UN leaders and national representatives
will finalize the UN framework for global governance. "We will have written
a new economic and social agenda geared to the needs of the world community
in the new Millennium,"1 says conference director Dr. Wally N'Dow.
"Building our neighborhood' is the starting point."2Would you want the UN
to help build your neighborhood? It could, if we ignore its radical agenda,
grass-roots networks, and vast political links. Habitat II leaders don't
hide their intentions. Available through Internet, 3 their documents show
their plans to change your family, community, beliefs, and finances. If
they continue to win support, UN representatives will manage your
"village," monitor your work, demand your service, and dictate your
training in global citizenship. All the radical action plans outlined in
earlier UN world conferences (unthinkable regulations concerning the
environment, consumption, population control, gender equality, etc.) would
be implemented through the Habitat II design for your neighborhood. No need
for voters' consent. Bypassing Congress, President Clinton has already
created an interagency council to implement the feminist agenda adopted at
the Beijing conference. Common values would be required. Every person would
be trained to embrace global spirituality, the pantheistic blend of t
he world's earth-centered religions now spreading through American schools.
It paves the way for the new global ethic which stresses "sustainable
development," a euphemism that includes three pillars of global socialism:
Environment, Economy, and Equity.

 The Habitat Agenda and other reports suggest that Biblical Christianity
and traditional gender roles would be out--along with capitalism, cars, and
our constitution. Global socialism
would be in. No one would escape the watchful eyes of UN agents. "Build
capacity for monitoring and evaluating compliance... at all levels," states
the Habitat Agenda (#97). "Establish... global information networks on
human settlements in the form of permanent and "electronic conferences...."
(#154).Solidarity is essential. Young and old must be taught, trained and
tested through "lifelong learning"-a UNESCO vision written into Goals 2000,
the education law of our land. The global, UN-controlled data bank would
track personal  and communal "progress" toward global unity. The collective
resources of each community would be harnessed to serve the needs of the
"greater whole". As Hillary Clinton reminds us, "it takes a village"  to
press each person into the 21st Century mold.UN leaders know that it is far
easier to re-program people in planned cities than in scattered groups.
"Urbanization and the environment it creates predisposes the population to
new attitudes, to social change and awareness, to easier access to new
ideas... and to innovation and change," states a 1995 report from the UN
Center for Human Settlements. It also protects "fragile " wilderness areas
from human intrusion. No wonder the Habitat Agenda (#56), encourages
"optimal density of the occupation of available serviced land." Does the UN
agenda sound too radical to be real?  If you doubt its influence in
America, compare its plans with those of our political leaders. Start with
Goals 2000 and study its blueprint for local neighborhoods. Notice how the
two plans fit together. Compare them with Hillary Clinton
's book, It Takes a Village. The process is already well under way. To slow
this global transformation, pray for our leaders, churches, and families.
Learn the facts and share them with others. Read my new book, Brave New
Schools, which shows how our new national/international education system
and community partnerships fit into the Habitat II agenda. Its glossary
defines the deceptive buzzwords that help "sell" the UN's mind-changing
strategies.Armed with facts, call Congress and voice your concern. Then
stand firm on the truths that made America a refuge for the world's
oppressed. If the UN wins this war, no one will be free anywhere.The
following list include quotes from the Habitat Agenda (HA), Habitat
director N'Dow (ND), the UN Commission on Global Governance report titled
Our Global Neighbor-hood (GN), and Hillary Clinton's It Takes a Village
(HC).

A NEW PARADIGM: "What we propose ... requires a strategic shift in our
approach to social and economic problems... a transformation in the modes
of thinking and action..."4GN: "The most important change that people can
make is to change theirway of looking at the world.... [In history] this
total upheaval in the imagination has marked the beginning of a new life
... by which men see with new eyes and understand with new minds....." (p.
47)

COMMON BELIEFS AND VALUES (precludes biblical beliefs as exclusive and
intolerant)GN: "Shared values can .... provide a foundation for
transforming a global neighborhood ... into a universal moral
community...."  (p. 49)HA: "We, the States participating... are committed
to a political, economic, environmental, ethical and spiritual vision of
human settlement based on the principles of equality, solidarity,
partnership...." (#13)HA: "Encourage...development of school curricula
geared to conscious.... cooperation."  #88(d)HC: "We have to beware of the
misuse of religion... If we employ it as an excuse for intolerance... we
betray its purpose.... The "true believer"... is asserting an absolutist
position that permits no compromise...." 179

NO TOLERANCE FOR "EXTREMISTS: "Civil, ethnic and religious strife... are
destructive to human settlements and should... be renounced." #13GN:
"Religious extremism has shown a marked increase .... Some assertions...
may in part be reaction against globalization and homogenization...." 52GN:
"The world community should reassert the importance of tolerance and
respect for...other...beliefs, sexual orientations, cultures. It must be
resolute in upholding these values and offering protection against the
actions of those who would trample them."  53HC: "As soon as Goals 2000
passed, it was attacked by extremists, who stirred up anxious parents with
visions of totalitarian control over their children's minds...." 260

GLOBAL ETHIC: "The quality of global governance will be determined by...
the broad acceptance of a global civic ethic...." 46HA: "Sustainable human
settlements are those that generate a sense of citizenship and identity,
cooperation and dialogue for the common good...." (#19)

MANAGED COMMUNITIES: "Government has a responsibility... to bring
individuals and communities together."  312: "Human settlements shall be
planned, developed and improved in a manner that takes full account of
sustainable development principles...." (#16)ND: "We have... to find
answers today to one of the most neglected and urgent problems of our
time.... How we live, where we live, and, above all, if we live."5HC:
"...children will thrive only...if the whole of society cares enough to
provide for them."  12HA: "The needs of children and youth have to be taken
fully into account [recognizing the rights, duties, and responsibilities of
parents...consistent with the Convention on the Rights of the Child]. (#9
The brackets show sections to be discussed in Istanbul)

YOUTH AND CHILDREN AS CHANGE AGENTS: "Children can be our conscience, and
the agents of the changes that are needed...." 201Habitat II Prep-Com:
"Secure the living conditions of children and youth... and make use of
their insight, creativity and thoughts on the environment."6Habitat
newsletter: "Youth for Habitat II is a partnership of youth and youth
organizations promoting youth involvement..."7

GLOBAL SOCIALISM: Eradication of poverty is essential.... #15. Develop...
in struments for the regulation of the housing markets... #54(h).
Promote... an international financial system.. "The village as a whole owes
expectant and new mothers and fathers its accumulated experience and
wisdom, and the resources they will need...."  91

MANAGED ECONOMY: "A commitment to equity everywhere is the only secure
foundation for a more humane world order...." 51HA: "We... commit ourselves
to... promoting changes in production and consumption patterns." #28HA:
"Production, consumption and transport should be managed...." #16

LAND REFORM: "Implement land information systems and practices for managing
land... mobilizing financial resources.... land readjustment and
consolidation...." #56 (f, d, I)"...integrated ecosystem management."
#97(d)

NEIGHBORS POLICING EACH OTHER: "Citizens have to co-operate...to maintain
peace... minimize climate change...curb the spread of weapons ...deter
terrorists, share scarce resources...." 42HC: "In Houston... the city's
police force... [has] been joined by thousands of citizen patrollers
observing and reporting suspicious or criminal behavior...."  #138

TRANSPORTATION: "Managing transport in human settlements should... promote
access... to places of work, social interaction ...  reducing unnecessary
travel through appropriate land-use and communication policies...." #103

Wall Street Journal: Complying with the 1990 federal Clean Air Act, a New
Jersey law requires "automobile emissions  inspections...designed to fail
most cars more than four years old." This new law forces "folks out of
their cars, by force or fraud, and into some other form of transportation
more amenable to control by the state."8

LOSS OF SOVEREIGNTY: "In an increasingly interdependent world, old notions
of territoriality, independence, and non-intervention lose some of their
meaning." 70GN: "There is an inevitable tension between the democratic
ideal of universal protection and the need for speedy, efficient
decision-making..." 147GN: "...adapting... existing norms of sovereignty
and self-determination to changing realities."48

Endnotes:

1. Wally N'Dow, speaking at the Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing,
China, 7 September 1995.
2. Wally N'Dow, World Habitat Day, 2 October 1995.
3. UN conference press releases, speeches, and Habitat Agenda are available
on Internet's World Wide Web. Start with this web site:
http://www.undp.org/un/habitat/pc3/draft/31-3.html
4.Meeting of the Habitat II Prep Com, Geneva, 11 April 1994.
5. Ibid.
6. Prepartory Committee for Habitat II, New York, 5-16 February 1996.
7. "People Towards Habitat II: Newsletter of the HIC," July 1995.
8. Eric Peters, "Coming Soon: A Plan to Confiscate Your Car," The Wall
Street Journal, May 9, 1996.

(A final report will follow after my return from Istanbul)

Berit Kjos   (415-941-3228)BraveNew Schools (Harvest House Publishers) is
available through Christian bookstores and by calling (800) 829-5646.

 UN  PLAN FOR YOUR COMMUNITY  is standing on the threshold of the 21st
Century, world leaders are charting a new course for humanity. Blind to the
lessons of history, they are yielding their nations' sovereignty to the
United Nations, a body rooted in socialist economics and occult
spirituality. Strange as it seems, they trust that a united world and its
collective wisdom will transcend human tendencies toward tyranny and lead
us into a new age of peace and oneness.At the United Nations Conference on
Human Settlements (Habitat II) which meets June 3-14 in Istanbul,  UN
leaders and national representatives will finalize the UN framework for
global governance.. "We will have written a new economic and social agenda
geared to the needs of the world community in the new Millennium,"1 says
conference director Dr. Wally N'Dow. "Building our neighborhood' is the
starting point."2Would you want the UN to help build your neighborhood? It
could, if we ignore its radical agenda, grass-roots
networks, and vast political links. Habitat II leaders don't hide their
intentions. Available through Internet, 3 their documents show their plans
to change your family, community, beliefs, and finances. If they continue
to win support, UN representatives will manage your "village," monitor your
work, demand your service, and dictate your training in global citizenship.
All the radical action plans outlined in earlier UN world conferences
(unthinkable regulations concerning the environment, consumption,
population control, gender equality, etc.) would be implemented through the
Habitat II design for your neighborhood. No need for voters' consent.
Bypassing Congress, President Clinton has already created an interagency
council to implement the feminist agenda adopted at the Beijing conference.
Common values would be required. Every person would be trained to embrace
global spirituality, the pantheistic blend of the world's earth-centered
religions now spreading through American schools. It paves the way for the
new global ethic which stresses "sustainable development," a euphemism that
includes three pillars of global socialism: Environment, Economy, and
Equity.   The Habitat Agenda and other reports suggest that Biblical
Christianity and traditional gender roles would be out--along with
capitalism, cars, and our constitution. Global socialism would be in. No
one would escape the watchful eyes of UN agents. "Build capacity for
monitoring and evaluating compliance... at all levels," states the Habitat
Agenda (#97). "Establish... global information networks on human
settlements in the form of permanent and "electronic conferences...."
(#154).Solidarity is essential. Young and old must be taught, trained and
tested through "lifelong learning"-a UNESCO vision written into Goals 2000,
the education law of our land. The global, UN-controlled data bank would
track personal  and communal "progress" toward global unity.
 The collective resources of each community would be harnessed to serve the
needs of the "greater whole". As Hillary Clinton reminds us, "it takes a
village"  to press each person into the 21st Century mold.UN leaders know
that it is far easier to re-program people in planned cities than in
scattered groups.  "Urbanizatio Web. Start with this web site:
http://www.undp.org/un/habitat/pc3/draft/31-3.html4Meeting of the Habitat
II Prep Com, Geneva, 11 April 1994.5 Ibid.6 Prepartory Committee for
Habitat II, New York, 5-16 February 1996.7 "People Towards Habitat II:
Newsletter of the HIC," July 1995.8 Eric Peters, "Coming Soon: A Plan to
Confiscate Your Car," The Wall Street Journal, May 9, 1996.(A final report
will follow after my return from Istanbul)Berit Kjos 415-941-3228)Brave New
Schools (Harvest House Publishers) is available through Christian
bookstores and by calling (800)
829-5646.

***********************************
Satan's Little Helpers....
How the devil uses the liberal media to manipulate society
By: Todd Strandberg

The Bible defines the devil as the originator of sin. We all known he stays
very busy. He appears to have a large mental capacity, and he can be
anywhere in the blink of an eye, yet the devil lacks the power to know
everything that's occurring on earth at all times. Satan is not omnipresent
so he needs underlings to do his bidding.

Although Satan has a host of demonic angels throughout the world, there is
one things he can't do. Satan and his fallen angels are spiritual beings so
they're unable to act physically in this realm. This is where the need for
human organizations comes in. In the parts of the world where the devil has
dictators in control, he can use them directly to control nations. In the
"free world," Satan has found he can use the liberal media very effectively
to control the fairs of mankind.

The liberal media is not only the devil's best device for corrupting and
controlling humane society, it's his most diabolical. The finger of blame
is rarely every pointed at the liberal media for societies ills. This is
because the liberal media is in charge of fixing the blame. Having the
liberal media decide if their partly to blame for our countries moral
decline, is like putting a Tobacco company in charge of finding out what
causes lung cancer.

If you would ask a sampling of Christians, who they believed is conspiring
to bring about the One World Government, many of them would tell you groups
like the Illuminati or the Trilateral Commission are working to bring forth
a world government. Conspiracy theories sell a large number of books, and
many of these organizations are pro-world government, but I don't foresee
conspiracy groups ever gaining the clout to pull this off. Honestly, I
believe conspiracy theories are just a distraction to draw our attention
away from the primary forces that are laboring to achieve the New World
Order.

The liberal media will be a substantial player in end time events. When the
Antichrist finally arises to power, the liberal media will be tripping over
themselves to report his every word. The values that the press currently
holds will perfectly match the values of the Beast. Itwill be love at
first sight.

The liberal media's final act will be to broadcast the hatred of the Jews
and nonconforming Christians. Even today, these two groups are reported on
with a negative bias. As we draw closer to the tribulation, that negativity
will only increase.

When Jesus Christ returns to earth, he'll cast the liberal media into the
pit of darkness. In hell they won't be harassed by those Christians, so
they'll have the freedom to do whatever news story they choose. They'll be
able to cover topics like; "Why is hell so hot?" or "Does a snowball really
stand a chance down here?" I'm sure the liberal media, at that time, will
conclude that hell is a racist and homophobic place, and the burning sulfur
will certainly be noted as being bad for hell's environment.

After watching the liberal media in action over the years, I've detected
several of their tricks of the trade. The following is a listing of their
more popular tactics:

Positive Spotlighting
When something takes place that will advance the goals of liberalism, the
liberal media will give it attention. In order to nourish the advancement
or to influence the public. (Events that are counterproductive to the
liberal cause are played down.)

Negative Spotlighting
When something occurs that threatens established liberal dogma, the media
reports on this activity so they can alert their counterparts in the
various liberal activist groups. (The same warns are not given for acts
that threaten conservative thinking.)

Picking and Choosing
The greatest tool the liberal media has at it's disposal for manipulating
the thinking of the masses is their ability to select stories that will
help their cause and to edit out stories that would hurt the liberal
program By choosing only stories which are sympathetic to their way of
thinking, the liberal media can choose which direction this country will
head.

The Friendly Fool
The best ally the liberal media can hope for is when someone from the
opposition does something they can use. If a liberally minded person, like
the unabomber, commits a deadly act. The press can't really do anything
with Ted Kaczynski's bombing that would be a positive, attacking him would
be attacking their beliefs. When someone like Timothy McVie blows up a
federal building, the liberal media has the opportunity to turn that action
into a high holy day for the pro big government forces. They can also use
it to promote gun control and laws against conservatives.

The Team Player Ploy
Because everyone want to be part of the establishment, the elite press uses
this reality to win over conservatives. Conservative federal judges that
come to Washington are not subject to reelection campaigns. These judges
are appointed for life so the press uses the carrot and stick approach.
Liberal rulings wins you favorable press coverage. After a few years of
this type of nurturing, even Republican nominated judges can be turned into
respectable liberal judges.

The Name Game
This is where you assign names to groups that put a pro-liberal spin on
them. The abortion issues is a good example. People for abortion are called
pro-choice. By using the word choice, this transforms the act from the
killing of the unborn to a rights issue. The pro-life folks are referred to
as anti-abortion. Anti is a negative prefix meaning against. Because most
people would wish be on the positive side, the negative title sets you at a
disadvantage. Some more examples the liberal media have used to put their
agenda in a more positive light are titles like: gay rights, new morality,
free speech (talking about porn), independent mothers, and judicial
activism.

Rewrighting History
The boldest of the liberal media tricks and one pulled off quite often. If
history does not support liberalism, then liberals will act to change
history. The brazen rewriting of history is going on at constant pace. The
Reagan years are frequently targeted by
 the revisionist liberal media.

Comedy
Few people realize how important an influence the monologues of NBC's "The
Tonight Show" and CBS's "Late Show" along with skits from "Saturday Night
Live" have on public opinion. I remember the pounding George Bush received
from all the late night jokes that pointed to a weak economy. After the
election, it turned out that the economy was booming at a 4 percent
growth rate. This news was too late for Bush who, as we all know, lost
election. Today the growth rate is at 2 percent. Do you hear any jokes
about how bad the current economy is? - No, of course not.

Shooting blanks
To cover their liberal bias tracks, the liberal media will occasionally
throw a few "hard questions" to organization and people they share the same
ideology with. The most popular blanks the liberal media chooses to shoot
at the President is the question of infidelity. At one time, if you'd been
found to be an adulator, you would be taking a fatal bullet. Today, this
type of revelation is seen by many as a positive, showing your a desirous
person to have so many conquests. In the final round, God will get the last
shot and everyone involved will find out, he is a well armed marksman.

****************************

The Tools and Mechanics of Discernment
By: W. Mark Wattenford
"BloodAtone"@aol.Com

Introduction

   I wasn't a full-blown hippie, but I was there, bare footed and long
haired with three to four hundred others like myself in a place now known
as Maranatha Village; alias Calvary Chapel before the tent. What was so
strong on my heart then is still strong on my heart now. That is
discernment. I sensed a danger then that we would be tested in ways that
would require having discernment to escape. That is what happened. There
came an explosion of so many ideas and doctrines that it boggled my mind;
Prosperity, Name It and Claim It, Speak It, Seed Faith, Holiness, Positive
Confession, Possibility Thinking . . .  all kinds of movements. My heart
cried out that the Body of Christ should seek and be taught discernment. In
twenty years I have only heard discernment mentioned, but I have not heard
anyone teach it. Now, with the New Age doctrines, of which there are
thousands of facets that has mixed with Christianity. The cry of my heart
was even greater, "Dear God, in the name of Jesus, give your people
discernment.."
   Having learned discernment I became familiar with many tools by which
discernment reveals itself. I finally felt recently led to teach a class on
discernment. It was not to be a class "about" discernment, but rather a
class of revealing the tools involved  that would result in those in the
class attaining discernment. I drove confidently down to the Christian
bookstore to get the best book I could find on the subject with which to
teach. To my utter amazement, as far as the store manager and I could
determine from his ordering catalogs, there is no such book. I looked at
those thousands of books produced in the last twenty years (not to mention
the music) and there was not one book on discernment.  It was a shock!
There were hundreds and thousands of false doctrines and ideas everywhere.
I could not find one book that taught the tools of discernment. My heart's
cry was then made ten fold. I pleaded with God to guide me, teach me, show
me, and to give me the words to write a boo
k on discernment I could teach with.

   I have witnessed that so many churches have adopted as their discernment
"If you don't understand it, or if it is something you are afraid of, or
uncomfortable with, then throw it out." I have seen true Christians with a
true word from the Lord ridiculed and thrown or driven out of their
churches because discernment was not applied or the command to "test the
spirit" obeyed. I have not found one person yet who is ready and
knowledgeable on how to go about testing the spirit. If I awoke one morning
and found that my arm felt funny I would not just cut it off because I
thought it didn't feel right. I would go have it "tested" and if it proved
healthy then I would be whole and would need to get use to the new feeling.
If it proved to have an ailment then I would apply whatever medication
prescribed to make it better, but only if the arm worsens and does not get
better and threatens the health and life of the rest of the body would I
then amputate. We have come to, not only shoot our wounded, but to amputate
healthy members of the body just for appearing different then what we say
the Body of Christ should look and feel like. Christ created the Body and
knows what it should look and feel like. Those instructions are written out
in scripture to use to test the spirit and not our feelings. Many churches
are uncomfortable with healing ministries, but they have not tested the
spirit as God commanded. They just don't allow healing in their church
because "It feels funny." This is amputation of the Body of Christ. I fear
God looks down from Heaven at his body and it looks as though it had been
autopsied with so many factions of Christianity, each with their
own ideas, cutting off those members which do not conform to their mental
picture of what the Body of Christ should be

   You really don't have to study and learn every doctrine there is in the
world to discern them. They will either be of Christ or Satan. Satan
consistently leaves a "set of fingerprints" on all the doctrines he
produces. So discernment here is learning to find the fingerprints. You can
tell by the fingerprint who has committed the crime. You can fill in the
details from there. Discernment will enable you to recognize the enemy in
whatever form he presents himself. Since Satan is the enemy and there are
not a large variety of different enemies you will come to learn that in
every religion, concept, idea, doctrine, etc. there emerges a "genetic
fingerprint" which is the same throughout them all. Something may look
good, but look for the fingerprints. Satan will try to say, "Never mind the
fingerprints, if it works, use it."

   So that you may know better where I am coming from I will state my
beliefs. And I will emphasize that I hold them above my experiences and my
visions because they are scriptural. My experiences and visions I may not
fully understand and will not hold them above or in place of what scripture
teaches. Yet I believe also that it is my obligation to share them as I
believe God gave them to me for encouragement and for the edification of
other members of the Body of Christ that would be edified and blessed by
them.

   Since this is a book of discernment, I will offer myself as the "guinea
pig" to test the spirit on. First you should test what I say about
discernment with scripture and since I plan on adding some accounts and
visions I have had to this book you  can and should put them to the test as
well. As yet I have not even found a church that would lend the time to
even hear them and, to my grief, even those whom I long respected and would
have thought otherwise of were not open to them either. O well, how frail
we are ! Once we find our spiritual niche we don't like to have it
bothered. They listen only to themselves or just to the leaders in the
church. This, I think, is well referred to by Dave Hunt as "Guruisms". I
like the term, because it is so descriptive and precise. It fits. That is
where credibility and even infallibility is assigned to the leaders of the
church and the rest of the church are just suppose to follow and obey. It
is sort of like the caste system. "How dare we sa
y we have a word from the Lord"! How dare they throw the spirit of Christ
out of their church because it was uncomfortable for them and they did not
test the spirit as commanded and find that it was Him. It seems to me the
Pharisees did that very thing in having Christ crucified.

I Believe:

   That Jesus Christ came in the flesh as all man and all God and died on
Calvary as payment for our sins.

   That there is nothing by works we can add to this accomplished work of
Grace by Christ so that, "none may boast".

   That he was born of a virgin and that he arose from the dead on the
third day as God the Father's proclamation that Jesus is the Christ and
that his sacrifice was complete and acceptable unto God the Father.

   That he ascended into Heaven and is seated at the right hand of God and that he shall return to this earth "In like manner as he ascended into Heaven".

   This book is an accumulation of tools and "wisdoms". Chapters will not
be used, but simply the tool name will be given followed by an explanation
of it's mechanics.

   It is my sincere prayer that Jesus give you discernment by the Holy
Spirit and that in some way the words herein may sharpen your ability to
"rightly divide the word according to truth."
II Tim.2:15

DISCERN: To distinguish clearly.
DISCERNMENT: Power or faculty of judging.
SWAYED:
   In I Kings 13 and Nehemiah 6 we find a couple of stories where the
prophet had a clear direct word from the Lord to do something. Then others
came "In the name of the Lord", saying, "Thus saith the Lord." and then
told them something contrary to what the Lord had told them in the first
place. There is the lesson here that when we have clearly heard from the
Lord to be ready to withstand those who would come with a contrary
statement. Here is where you really have to be sure what you heard wasn't
wrong and that the Lord then isn't trying to send you rather correction
through that other person.

DELUSION PROPHECY:
   Jeremiah 23:25-27  "I have heard what the prophets say who prophecy lies
in my name. They say, "I had a dream! I had a dream!" How long will this
continue in the hearts of these lying prophets, who prophecy the delusions
of their own minds? They think the dreams they tell one another will make
my people forget my name, just as their fathers forgot my name through Baal
worship."

   Here, to forget the name of God reminds me of the New Agers who say,
"Jesus, Buddha, The Force . . . it's all the same." Call Him whatever you
like." You need to look out for people who have a lot of dreams. Although I
believe God speaks through dreams we need to monitor ourselves to watch out
for what dreams may be causing us to do or believe. I see lots of prophecy
that comes from the "delusions of the mind".

LEARNING DIVERSIONS:
   Are any processes involved with diversion to other studies that become
primary rather than supplemental to the Bible. Examples here would be the
Book of Mormon, the Watchtower Magazine, Catholic Church History, and
others or just traditions themselves. Anytime the source of authority
shifts from the Bible to other writings is a sign of the presence of false
doctrine. This is not to be confused with good commentaries done by
scholars to help us understand the context of those things which we read in
the Bible as opposed to such things as the Watchtower which claims that if
you read the Bible only you will lose your understanding within two years,
but that you can read the Watchtower magazine only and not need the Bible
and you will be, (quote) "kept in the light".

IMPACT:
   God makes an interesting distinction in the Bible. He says that when He
speaks, his words carry impact (Jer.23:29) as opposed to the words of false
prophets who use lies, deceit, and trickery to convince. When someone is
prophesying and you do not feel the presence of the Holy Spirit bearing
witness and giving that "impact", but rather, you are being persuaded with
"artful reasoning" you need to beware. If you are saved and have the Holy
Spirit this impact should occur. If you are not saved and have the Holy
Spirit then you are just out of the game either way.

LEADS INTO SIN:
   Although something may be preached in the name of Jesus, He said that if
it led people into sin it was not from him. Joseph Smith, Jim Jones, the
Rev.Moon, and a host of others had doctrines which led the followers into
sexual and other sins. I personally have a problem with the "prosperity
doctrines" that lead people into the sin of greed and want. This is what is
referred to as to real meaning of using the Lord's name in vain and not so
much in the way as we think of in swearing.

DOES NOT EXPOSE SIN:
   Lamentations 2:14 = "The visions of your prophets were false and
worthless; they did not expose your sin to ward off your captivity. The
oracles they gave you were false and misleading." So this is a clueconcerni
ng "prophets" that do not address the issue of sin in people's lives. Jean
Dixon, who predicts horse races and the like, does not address the issue of
sin and of salvation through Jesus Christ. She is not a prophet of God
according to the Bible. We can bring up the New Age movement again with its
doctrines of "situational ethics". Situational ethics, in my book, is
"conscience assassination", as in I Tim 4:2 in the "searing of the
conscience". Sin is not addressed. It is, therefore, determined to be the
product of a false prophet. We must be careful where we find sin being
"minimized". Conversely we must look out for those doctrines which so
emphasizes sin over God's Grace to save and deliver that you find yourself
dealing with a "works cult". Sin does not come in shade
s of gray as situational ethics seems to imply. And in it's extreme form
truly implies there is no such thing as wrong at all. Sin is BLACK in Gods
book, . . .period !

FULFILLED PROPHECY IS NOT PROOF OF SOUND DOCTRINE:
   Deuteronomy 13:1-3 = "If a prophet, or one who foretells by dreams,
appears among you and announces to you a miraculous sign or wonder, and if
the sign or wonder of which he has spoken takes place, and he says, "Let us
follow other gods"(gods you have not known) "and let us worship them," you
must not listen to the words of that prophet or dreamer. "The Lord your God
is testing you to find out whether you love Him with all your heart and
with all your soul".

   So now we find here that if a prediction comes true it is not full
verification that the prophet is a true prophet. People have often used the
verse that says if the prophecy comes true then
they are a true prophet, but they have left out this qualifying verse. This
is why the Jean Dixons of Christendom have gotten by with what they should
not have; speaking falsely for and on behalf of God.

GOOD NEWS PROPHECY MAY BE BAD NEWS:
   Jeremiah 14:11-16 = "Then the Lord said to me,'Do not pray for the well
being of this people. Although they fast, I will not listen to their cry;
though they offer burnt offerings and grain offerings, I will not accept
them. Instead, I will destroy them with the sword, famine and plague.'"

   "But I said, 'Ah, Sovereign Lord, the prophets keep telling them, 'You
will not see the sword or suffer famine. Indeed, I will give you lasting
peace in this place.'"

   Then the Lord said to me, 'The prophets are prophesying lies in my name.
I have not sent them or appointed them or spoken to them. They are
prophesying to you false visions, divinations, idolatries and the delusions
of their own minds. Therefore this is what the Lord says about the prophets
who are prophesying in my name: I did not send them, yet they are saying,
'No sword or famine will touch this land.' Those same prophets will perish
by sword and famine. And the people they are prophesying to will be thrown
out into the streets of Jerusalem because of the famine and sword. There
will be no one to bury them or their wives, their sons or their daughters.
I will pour out on them the calamity they deserve."

   It is hard to convince me that with the corruption America has entered
into the "prophecies" I hear that America will keep her prosperity and her
peace are true prophecies. We need to lend ear to this example from
Jeremiah and ask ourselves if, indeed, we do not fit the same scenario.
With millions of babies killed every year, with perversion, homosexuality,
sadism, masochism, drugs, alcoholism, child killers being set free and
criminals getting off left and right by the satanic twisting of the law, .
. .should America retain her protection and blessing from God ? NOT WITHOUT
REPENTANCE !

A YOKE IS NO JOKE:
   In Jeremiah 28 we read again a prophecy that God would take the yoke of
wood and break it. This was a false prophecy and God's reply was, "For that
I will replace the yoke of wood with a yoke of iron."

   I believe that if we do not address the issue of sin and go on
prophesying that God will continue to bless and keep this nation and
deliver it whether we repent or not, we are in line for this same rebuke.
Jeremiah 28:8 says, "Do not let the prophets and diviners among you deceive
you."
PROPHECY PARAPHERNALIA:
   These are used in divination practices. It is the use of items in aiding
in the telling of the future such as crystal balls, tea leaves, tarot
cards, "Wee Gee!" boards, and a myriad of other items. It is this use of
"things" in fortune telling that is a major clue to its origin as being
false and from the enemy.

   The receiving; or attempt at receiving knowledge supernaturally separate
from getting it from God through prayer, the word of God, and the unction
of the Holy Spirit is Forbidden. "Polishing up your ESP", is not advised.
A DIME A DOZEN:
   Anytime there is money being charged for prophecy or services that
supposedly are from God, then it is a sign it is false or of a cult or the
like. When money is involved you can be sure it won't be even worth a dime
a dozen. Let us not confuse this with the Bible bookstores and say that
everything there should be free. I refer to those, like Balem, who charged
for prophecy and, even these days, those who say, "Send in X amount of
money and God will heal you." GARBAGE !

TRACK RECORD:
   In many of the false prophets I have encountered, there seems to be a
track record of instability. If someone is giving your group a prophecy and
you are looking for ways to discern it, look to their track record. What is
their life style like ? I don't mean isolated circumstances wherein we are
all susceptible to falling down once in awhile, but rather a consistent
life style of instability. People have made a big mistake, I believe, in
painting a picture of John the Baptist and others as though they were some
eccentric grasshopper-eating weirdos. This is then what the weirdos of our
day use as a tool to add credibility to their own actions. I do not believe
that if we were to meet those such as John the Baptist that he would come
off any less than having a very presence of mind and I feel we would find
him to be more than a capable human being. If we were to meet John the
Baptist today I believe he would be a very sensible and sane person.

   In circumstances where we are not familiar with who is giving a
"supposed" word from God, I believe God provides a word of knowledge
through them much like the case of Jesus with the woman at the well (John
4:18) as credentials that the other things Jesus would say would also be
true. I believe it is harder for a false prophet to give a word of
knowledge than it is to give a prophecy that comes true. By probabilities
he can guess some things, but the facts of someone's life are far too
complex for a false prophet to achieve through probability guessing. In
those cases where false prophets attempt this they give facts of a persons
life that are too vague and unspecific. That is one of the major
characteristics of false prophets, doctrines and cults as well is the use
of unclear statements, vagueness and generalities. Jesus did not do that
here. He specifically stated how many husbands she had and that the one she
now had she was not really married to. That is specific and if it
is coming from God it should be specific. If it is not. . .take that word
and shove it !

VAGUENESS:
   A word of knowledge from God will be precise and not vague or illusive
or in riddles. This again, is a sign of the false prophet. Examples that
can be given are Nostradomous, Edgar Cayce, Jean Dixons, and the entire
barrage of National Enquirer palm readers, psychics, and horoscopers.

BIRTHING DISCERNMENT:
   The study of any subject will give discernment about and in that
subject. (assuming the information studied is correct). Wisdom gives birth
to discernment. Studying Proverbs will give discernment about a lot of
things. That is why God gave us Proverbs, so that we might gain what I call
"Natural Discernment" or "Learned Discernment". This discernment is the
result of study. The other form of discernment is "Supernatural
Discernment" and is the result of and is caused by the unction of the Holy
Spirit revealing truth not as a result of having learned or studied. So
then, study will produce a natural discernment and supernatural discernment
is a gift from God.

DIRECTING OTHERS:
   You will find that false prophets, teachers or leaders like to involve
themselves in directing the lives of others. It is likely the result of a
Messianic Complex. When you have someone setting himself up saying, "Listen
to me and let me guide you", instead of directing people to go to God and
to pray to Him and to read their Bibles, they are leading people in the
wrong direction. They are the blind leading the blind. Conversely, when you
hear a teacher emphasizing not to just take his word for what he is saying
but to go to the Bible and God and check it out then it is more likely that
person is a safe person to be around. I am nobody's authority for anything.
Check out everything I say with the Bible.

ONENESS IN THE SPIRIT:
   We are to be one in the Spirit as opposed to oneness in the alignment of
scripture in proving personal interpretations. To group together as one
based on personal views of scripture is not scriptural. We can have
differences of opinion, but to use those as a basis for having a "oneness"
with those sharing the same opinion and shutting out those that do not
share the opinion is not from God and is the very germination process which
creates false prophets, doctrines, cults and denominations to begin with.
"WE ARE THE ONLY TRUE CHURCH", SYNDROME:
   There really is only one true church and that is the church God says it
is, not what man says. It is typical of a cult to say they are the only
true church. This enables them to isolate their members from the outside
where they may come into contact with what is really true and thus
threatening the survival of the cult as a cult. For a cult to survive it is
important that it isolates itself from the truth, for the truth would be
its downfall. Christianity, in its pure form, is not at odds with science
or common sense and does not fear being linked with these facets. It is my
belief that when science and the Bible seem not to agree it is the result
of our own misinterpretation of our own science or even our own concept of
what we think the Bible says. The Bible said the world was round. Science
use to say the world was flat. The Word of God is in harmony with science.
And even where they may not be in harmony it is God's prerogative to break
the laws of science in his scheme of things, as is found in Joshua 10:13.
He made the rules and laws of science in the first place and having that
"copyright" has the right to alter and rearrange them anytime he chooses.
"SCIENCE" IS MERELY THE STUDY OF WHAT GOD SAYS ARE THE RULES. . .FOR NOW.

GOOD NEWS EQUALS GOOD NEWS:
   This means that the good news of the Gospel of Jesus Christ always
refers to and means the act of Jesus in giving his life for us on the
cross. False doctrines and cults are pushing all kinds of junk in its
place, referring to their pet ideas and "revelations" as the Good News. The
good news is not that the Kingdom of Heaven supposedly came in 1914 and you
just can't see it. The good news is not that God lives on a planet called
"Colob" with his 900 wives and 400 concubines. The good news is not that we
are gods and can tap into "the force" within us. The Good News is that
Jesus died for us to pay for our sins before God the Father.

THE BAD NEWS OF JESUS CHRIST:
   Since the Word of God tells us we are not to debate and dispute the
Bible this can also be a tool for discernment. When someone is trying to
use the Bible to prove their own or their church's personal point of view
or interpretation, it can be a sign of falsehood. It is healthy to discuss
and to aggressively seek to "rightly divide The Word according to truth",
but people who go door to door trying to argue their point is not a
ministry of the good news of Jesus Christ. It is a ministry of trying to
prove personal points of view. They attempt to get people to believe or
accept concepts that do not relate to salvation before trying to get people
to receive salvation.Think of how selfish and self centered that really is.
People are less concerned here that others are going to Hell than they are
about proving some petty viewpoint. If a person is not saved it is going to
do no good to prove to them whether Christ died on a stake or a cross,
whether music should be played in church or not. Watch out for persons too
aggressive to minister "proof" to their point rather than trying to give
people Jesus. It can be very easy if you break it down. Is the person
trying to get others to accept a concept or to accept Jesus ? Mind you, as
individuals we get off on good discussions and need to test scripture with
scripture with each other to see and to learn how they line up, but when an
entire church's  foundation is
 built on and involved in proving a "non-salvation" point it is not of
Christ. When Christ said he would shake up everything to shake loose what
was not rooted in him he was referring to these churches built,not upon
Christ crucified for our sins, but on some personal viewpoint. Line up
their viewpoints with the importance of the crucifixion and its relevance
to it and that will shed light and right perspective to all subjects.

NOBODY LOVES ME . . . I MUST BE A PROPHET:
   Read Gen. 4:7 . "If you do well, will you not be accepted?" Too many
take rejection as evidence they are a prophet. We are not our own witness
to the ministry God gives us, but God and others will witness to it.

UNWILLINGNESS TO SUBMIT:
   There is a high correlation between someone who is not submitting to
authority (or to having their spirit tested) and those living in delusions,
false prophecies and bad doctrines. The truth is its own defense and fears
no court.Those caught in these realms do not, have not and will not submit
to an authority structure. I remind you here we are not to submit ourselves
to a structure that sets itself up as or implies itself to be infallible.
These people have a kind of pride in saying they "only answer to God and
not unto Man". They state their delusions as revelations from God and do
not ask for other members of the Body of Christ who have discernment to
help them put their "revelations" to the test. When someone begins to put
their revelations to the test, as we are told to do in I John 4:1, they
often just flit off to the next church where they think they can gain
credibility. I have had many false visions and I say very soberly that they
were more real than is the world around us, but they did not stand the
testing of the spirit, and had to be thrown out. Because something seems
emphatically real does not make it true. This is why it is so hard to
deliver people in these areas because it requires them  to turn their back
on an experience that is so real. There are visions I have had that I know
are
 true. I am willing to have them tested. This should be the approach of any
who have had such experiences for their own safety if nothing else. Too
many people have not submitted to the testing of the spirit. What I think
is more appalling is that there is so rarely a church or body of believers
set up and prepared to do so.The church in about 99% of the time, if not
more, does not test the spirit of a revelation that has been received; they
merely do not allow them in the church.If it happens in the body and it is
something they don't like they just throw it out and the person with it,
but to take time to "test the spirit" to see whether it is from the Lord or
not, forget it! It isn't happening. Why do you think the Church of Christ
has gotten as crapped up as it has?

AVOIDANCE OF THOSE WHO MAY HAVE DISCERNMENT:
   People who are living in a delusion have a natural instinct in avoiding
those who have discernment. In this way you can tell who they are by who
they stay away from.

PROVERBS 28:5
Evil men understand not judgment, but they that seek the Lord understand
all things.

THE FEAR OF THE LORD:
Is the beginning of Wisdom which in turn will produce discernment.

OPEN YOUR MIND TILL YOUR BRAINS FALL OUT:
   One of the tricks of the New Age is to be so open minded that the result
is the destruction of discernment. Right and wrong become dependant upon
personal viewpoint only, rather than God's viewpoint and authority.
Situations can become indiscernible if not viewed through the eyes of God.

HIS WORD AGAINST YOURS:
   Another tool for discernment is to always be aware as to when someone is
giving God's opinion or their own. Look out for God's Word being used to
"prove" personal opinions. God's Word is used to prove God's Word.

CONSCIENCE:
   Our conscience is the inherent discernment God provides to us all. "My
conscience is bothering me", is my discernment trying to protect me from
the results of my doing wrong.

RESPECTABLE SIN RATHER THAN REPENTANCE:
   We may discern the right way to go but, because of sin, fail to follow.
This is the dilemma of the New Age. They want to follow what the flesh
dictates and instead of being accountable for purposely following sin they
simply make sin acceptable and respected. Therefore, that which a society
may deem acceptable and respected may be discernibly a sin.

ALTERED STATES:
   As I have stated previously people with poor self images and even self
hatred may seek a way within "religion" to establish a new identity. I call
this the "religiously altered identity" or "the altered state". It is, in
it's effects, a counterfeit for being born  again. The identity here is one
the person himself has created and not God. An altered state can become so
solidified that it takes a miracle of God to get the person to realize who
he really is and to receive Christ in a healthy manner. It is my opinion
that those in ministry who tend to gravitate toward the limelight are, in
truth, suffering from an altered state. I do feel many may be born again
people, but suffering continued effects of the "former man".
DEFINITION:
Submission = cessation of againstness

WHITE WASH:
   "Getting spiritual" is the result of not letting God handle our sins,
but rather it is us setting up a false image of ourselves so we can cope
with our sins. This is what Pharisees are made of. For the true child of
God we want to learn how to appropriate forgiveness for ourselves. . .not
white wash.

HOLINESS MOVEMENTS:
  These are movements that assert as their goal the ridding of all sin in
their life. This is somewhat admirable, but nevertheless impossible. This
ends up in the lifting up of ones own righteousness. It must be the lifting
up of Christ's righteousness for our sake to be real revival. To achieve
the goal of a holiness movement it would be necessary to commit suicide as
sin is recorded in the flesh and cannot be changed through or efforts,
works or acts. The getting of a glorified body would need to be achieved to
arrive at a holiness state.

Rx=MC2:
   This is the universe that exists as the result of drug induced reality.
Drugs will produce false prophecy and visions. This is an unfortunate and
wide spread phenomena in Christendom. It is, to a large, degree due to
prescription drugs. One of the greatest culprits in my evaluation is valium
(which my brother used to refer to as" Believers Booze"). So, in dealing
with someone who is getting "revelations" from God try to get a little
history on whatever chemicals may be floating around in their system.
Chemical imbalances in the body without necessarily being on drugs can
result in this condition as well. Ask about the person's health; how it has
been and how it currently is. I must further confess, I myself take valium
for a serious muscular disorder, but I have researched this thoroughly and
have found that in a major number of valium users there is a present
ongoing spiritual delusional states that accompanies it. For that reason I
have had to be well on my toes, more than th
e average, to check and double check anything I feel I head from the Lord.
WALKING NOT IN FAITH...BUT...TAKING ON THE SHIELD OF HYPER SPACE:
   When a person is adversely affected by the guilt of his sins and does
not put them successfully under the blood of Jesus Christ he may become a
"Hyper-Spiritual". Because of his extreme desire to escape this weight and
fear of God's punishment he must rise to an equal or greater force of
spirituality to that of the weight he feels of his own sins. Relief is not
in receiving forgiveness, but rather in becoming "spiritual". True
spirituality lacks the "showmanship" and outward appearance of so many we
see today. "Hyper-Spirituals" often see themselves and those around them as
prophets and apostles and the like. I believe emphatically that these
offices do exist today and are functioning on the earth, because I have
seen them for myself.But the true ones are more likely to go unseen or
unnoticed than those who put themselves in the limelight. Most
"Hyper-Spirituals" have two feet firmly planted in the air. True
spirituality will be mixed with a normal and practical nature. However
, at times, in our walk of faith God may ask us to do some seemingly
impractical  things, but these incidents are the exceptions and not the
norm. "Hyper-Spirituals" walk in an impractical realm on almost a constant
basis.
STRANGE FIRE:
  This is the "working up" of emotions. Although the experience of the
presence of God may evoke strong emotions of various types it is the
working up of emotions as verification of the presence of God which is
wrong. I believe in the free flow of emotions as God touches lives in or
out of church and would not wish to stifle such feelings. However, they are
not in themselves verification of anything and should not be used as the
vehicle in which to attempt to transport ourselves closer to God. In other
words, emotions are not tools to get closer to God. . .they are the result
of it. So, is one having strong emotions because God is present; or is one
exhibiting strong emotions as a means of trying to establish that God is
present?
IDENTICALITY:
   This is a word I have coined to mean anything which is made to look like
the real thing in terms of being Christian, but lacks the very Spirit of
Christ itself.
COLOSSIANS 2:8
   "See to it that no one takes you captive through hollow and deceptive
philosophies." An example of hollow and deceptive philosophy is whether
Christ died on a cross or a stake. . .who cares. . .as long as He gave his
life for me I don't care if he did it by jumping off the matterhorn at
Disneyland.
PHILOSOPHY IS:
   Mans attempt at producing truth without ( and very commonly so)
necessarily using any part of truth to do so. They should focus on the
study of "Feel-Lost-Or-Free".
NATURAL DISCERNMENT:
  Is the result of study and experience.

TRUTH . . .THE GREAT ESCAPE:
   For a lie to take hold it must deny or rearrange the truth. If one has
not learned what truth has to say about something then the lie can take
captives. So, the more we know about what Christ said about everything the
more Natural Discernment we will have and the less chance lies will have in
taking us captive.
THE NAMES HAVE BEEN CHANGED . . .TO PROTECT THE GUILTY:
   False doctrines want to hook you into their thing so they don't want to
use a bunch of new words. They want to use the words you are familiar with
to give you the feeling they are on your side and that you are really one
of them. So, in discernment it is not so common to be aware of new words ,
but rather to beware of familiar words and phrases that have changed
definitions. False doctrines redefine words and terms and twist them to
support their false doctrines. The term "Savior" coming from a J.W. does
not carry the same meaning as they do when we say "Christ is Savior". It
becomes necessary then, to get very inquisitive and precise as to what
these people mean when they say things like "saved". Saved from what ?
Saved by what ? Saved for what ? You will encounter agitation when you do
this as darkness is always agitated when light begins to uncover it. Learn
how to dig for information. Never assume their use of words is the same as
yours. You will find plenty of victories just in making them define the
terms as they mean them.
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING . . .
IS TO KEEP THE MOST IMPORTANT THING . . .
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING.
   And that is that the lost might become saved. When other ideas are being perpetuated as being as important as this I place them in the suspect category.
II TIMOTHY 3:1-5
"Stay away from these in the last days":
lovers of self
covetous
boasters
proud
blasphemers
disobedient to parents
unthankful
unholy
without natural affection
truce breakers
false accusers
incontinent
fierce
despisers of those who do good
traitors
heady
high minded
lovers of pleasure more than of God
having a form of godliness, but denying the power

   Sounds like a very relevant portrait of today's society.
SCRIPTURAL EXAMPLES:
   Try to back up doctrinal points with scriptural examples. Statements
like, "you cannot get into heaven unless you are baptized" doesn't hold
water (pun) in view of the thief on the cross who was saved in the last
moments of his life next to Jesus. People don't believe in death
experiences because they say the Bible says it is appointed unto man once
to die. Then what about Lazarus ? Angels do not wear brown turtle neck
shirts as is reported by Roland Buck in his book "Angels On Assignment".
Then why does the Bible say to watch who we entertain for some have
entertained angels unaware. If we were unaware we were entertaining angels
then I would assume he would be dressed and looked like an everyday person.
If everyone showed up in a brilliant white robe we surely would be aware
that he was either an angel or a nut. Make sure that as a scripture is used
it remains in harmony with other scriptures first and second with the test
of logics and deductive reasoning.
CHECK IT ONCE AND CHECK IT TWICE:
   It is scriptural to verify something by two or three witnesses. The
reason for John the Baptist's ministry was for this purpose, to be a
witness to Christ as the Messiah. If we think we have a word of direction
from God in a matter, but we are unsure, we can ask God to give us
verification by two or three other sources. The Bible says that by two or
three witnesses a thing shall be established.
THE WITNESS OF CIRCUMSTANCE:
  God is the God of circumstances. This is not just a neat saying. It is
right out of the Bible. He will open doors to those things He sends us. I
am fond of Chuck Smith's saying that "Where God guides, God provides."
Where circumstance does not back up a belief it can be suspect. Where some
quit their jobs saying God is calling them into full time ministry and
their family starts to go hungry because of it then the circumstance does
not verify the belief. Where a person is truly called of God you will
witness the provisions from God come into play. When the snake bit Paul and
he did not die that was circumstance verifying that those things Paul was
doing and saying were true. Had he not been called of God I believe he
would have died from the bite. And now there are "Christian Snake Handler
Cults" in the U.S. Backward logic again ! They handle poisonous snakes to
falsely establish they are called of God rather than as Paul who being
called of God was able to handle snakes.Besides
, Paul didn't go looking for snakes. These people do. They do so very
cautiously and many of them have died trying. Again, we do have to walk in
faith as to those things that God has told us, but as we take steps by
faith those things are cleared ahead of us. It is when we take a step
toward a closed door or even strive to push it open and it does not open we
need to step back and reevaluate. Worse yet God allows us to push some
doors open we should not have to teach us a lesson. In the Bible they used
circumstances as a tool of discernment to pick those who should be elders
and workers in the church. If their own house was not in order and under
control they were not picked, because circumstances would indicate that
they were incapable of administration in the church since their own homes
were in a mess.
TRUTH CAN EQUAL FALSE:
   "A false prophet will always foretell wrongly" is a scripturally false
statement. a false prophet is capable of predicting things and having them
come true, but if he leads people away from Christ into other doctrines and
other gods he is a false prophet.
BACK SCRATCHING PROPHECIES:
   I call these the "If you'll scratch my back I'll scratch yours"
prophecies. These prophecies require that we perform something in order for
the prophecy to come true. In this form it cannot by definition be a
prophecy. . .a covenant maybe. The Mormon church had a prophecy that the
Lord would return when the last Indian baby was adopted by Mormons. This
made the biblical prophecy that Christ would return contingent on whether
or not all the Indian babies got adopted. Circumstances such as this could
coincide with Christ's return, but cannot be termed as the cause for his
return as is the case with "back scratching prophecies". The "Kingdom Now"
doctrines believe Christ will return when we have subdued the earth for his
return. . .making, again, the return of Christ contingent on whether we
subdue it for him or not.This is a particularly dangerous doctrine, I
believe, as it can lead to a Nazi mentality in attempting to take over the
world so Christ will return.

   I believe prophecy is just that . . .prophecy. There is nothing we can
or cannot do to fulfill it. Prophecy means it will come to pass despite
anything and because God said it would and that is that. Satan speaks in
the ears of many in this way to get them wandering off, trying to fulfill
some idiotic directive that is, in some weird way, a catalyst required by
God before God can fulfill his end of the deal. So, anytime you hear
someone saying the Lord will do this and that if you do this and that as
prophecy it is false. This is also a very prevalent phenomena in
Christianity today. In this game you find God changing his mind a lot about
things or rearranging his plans often. Since these prophecies have their
origination from the delusions of someone's mind they keep having to
rearrange the requirements to perpetuate it further otherwise it simply
falls apart.
CLUE WORDS:
   Urgency, evasive, avoiding, prophecies of personal success and/or fame,
works. . .are just a few terms to look for in the false prophet. They are
often urgent about what they say God told them. They can be evasive about
what their goals are or what they are up to (hence communes spring up such
as Jim Jones') They will very often have prophecies of their coming success
and/or fame and they may be heavily involved in works.

A=A DOCTRINES:
   Here is where facts or scriptures, which may be true in themselves, are
used in such a way as to draw a false conclusion. Let us say that all
Greeks have black curly hair. That would be the first "A" statement. Then
the process says that all people with black curly hair are Greeks. That is
the "=A" statement and is the false statement. Lots of off key doctrines
and ideas are born in this fashion. The prosperity doctrines were hatched
in this way. God wants to bless us (that is the "A" statement) therefore it
is God's will that we be rich (that is the "=A" statement) and is false.
The real failure here is assuming that what God wants is synonymous with
His will. The news is God's desire for us and his will for us are not
synonymous. It may be my desire to give my son a car as a gift, but if he
drives like a fool it will not be my will to do so. So, no matter how much
he bugs me for the car because he knows I would like to give him one he
does not get it (it would not be my will
to give it to him) as long as he drives like a fool. So, what God would
like for us may not be what is going to be his will for us. God's will for
us is what he uses to try raise us to get us to the point of maturity where
he can then do more of what he desires to do. As parents we know that what
we want to do with our children and what we end up having to do with or
children are two very different categories.Just because I know my son will
someday shave doesn't mean that when he is two and says, "Me want to play
with razor", that I give him one.
SUBPOENA SCRIPTURE:
  Some people call up scripture to verify their pet beliefs as though they
were serving a subpoena to someone to testify on their behalf. It is great
to search the scriptures to see if those things we believe are true. Many,
however, get on a band wagon about some new idea, be it prosperity, kingdom
now, post mid or pre trib and wield the scripture in a million different
ways to prove their points. Let us remember to use scripture to prove Jesus
above all else for that is the reason the Bible was written.
NON-DOERS:
   Simply, in discernment, if a person is not a doer of the Word he is not
saved. Now some are going to get obsessive here and leave no room for our
frail human nature and the fact that we cannot live a perfect life as long
as we are in the flesh. However, I see those who come to church and seem to
be so oblivious to doing what the Bible says that it floors me. Many are
just there for the social events. I hear them talk of partying and getting
drunk and going to bed with each other. Actually whenever you hear people
speak of sin in their life with such aloofness it is debatable that they
have been born again. If they had the Holy Spirit in them it would surely
grieve them and they would feel it. Maybe that is the difference I see. It
is not that we, who have the Holy Spirit, are free from sin, but it is that
when we do sin we feel the grieving of the Spirit of God within us. People
who are non-doers of the word as separate from those Christians who have
sinned seem to be without t
his effect whatsoever. Watch them do things that you would be convicted of
if you were to do them and see that they do not become convicted at all.
This is a scary place to be I think for the Bible says he chastises who He
loves. Being chastised of the Lord is in a strange way a sign of the
assurance of our salvation. In the past I remember getting angry at God for
chastising me for something others were doing without getting chastised at
all.I was wanting God to give me the same  consideration he was giving
those other people in not spanking them. Then the Lord spoke to me and told
me he did not spank them because they weren't his to spank. Then I realized
I did not want the same consideration I thought I wanted. Better to have a
sore rear going into heaven than a fine one on my way to hell.
UNACCOUNTABILITY:
   People who are off track are unaccountable to other people or, if they
are basic "followers", will be accountable only to a "infallible figure".
INFALLIBLE FIGURES:
   There was only one infallible figure that has ever lived on this planet
and that was (and now is) Jesus Christ. Since He is alive today He is the
infallible figure we should all turn to. There are no other infallible
figures among men. To teach otherwise is a cult practice and nothing more.
It does not have to be a person either as it may be represented as a source
such as the Watchtower Magazine. As far as some examples of humans deemed
infallible there was Jim Jones, the reverend Moon, Joseph Smith and so on.
Now as I say these names most will agree, because we came to know them as
such obvious nuts, but now let me add here that neither is the pope
infallible. Some fur is going to get rubbed the wrong way in me saying
that. The reason for that is such a wide spread acceptance of the Catholic
religion and a wide spread respect for the pope even of those who are not
religious at all. I mean not to be personally attacking Catholics, but
there is simply no such thing as an infall
ible figure among men and any such belief throughout history resulted in
ruin. "For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God." - Romans
3:23. and "If we claim to be without sin, we deceive ourselves and the
truth is not in us." - I John 1:8 .

SPECIAL REVELATIONS:
   Whenever something or someone begins to rise above the authority of
scripture or even seeks to take its place you have a condition of
falsehood. The enemy constantly seeks to replace, get rid of, or twist the
scriptures. The Book of Mormon, Watchtower, church history, traditions and
so on. Just look for things that are added to or are in place of the Bible.

SUBSTITUTES:   This is anything or action which takes the place of a
personal relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ. Some examples are
repetitious prayers, chanting, visualizations, T.M., and a myriad of
religious articles supposing to have spiritual power in them which include
everything from the Mormon underwear to the Catholic rosary and even to the
Pentecostal prayer handkerchiefs that are given out by the millions trying
to mimic what was done by the Holy Spirit through Peter.

FEAR MOTIVATION:
   God does not give us the spirit of fear. There are many forms of fear
motivations and cults are not the only ones using this tactic. There is
fear motivation to keep you from attending other churches, because you will
go to hell if you do. I grew up being raised by my mother and my
grandmother alternately. My mother was Baptist and my grandmother was
Lutheran. When I lived with my grandmother she would tell me I would go to
hell if I continued to go to the Baptist church. When I was with my mother
she would let it be known that my soul was in jeopardy if I got hooked into
the Lutheran church. When the two of them got together on the matter was
when I was in my latter teens and decided to go Pentecostal. That, they
both agreed, would make me go crazy or kill me for sure. Fear motivation is
quite destructive. We have many forms of it in authentic Christian realms
such as, "you need to send in $100 now or this ministry will go under by
the end of the week". My advise is to guard a
gainst any fear motivations you run into other than the fear of the Lord
which is the beginning of wisdom.

DEITY OF CHRIST DENIED:
   This is one of the very fundamental needs for cults to do. They must
negate the deity of Christ for the sake of their own survival. They will
say Christ was a great teacher or a great prophet or a lot of other
seemingly complimentary terms, but then take away the title of who He
really was; the Son of God and the only Son of God as verified by his
resurrection from death by God the Father.
ONLY ONES WITH THE TRUTH:
  Cults need to employ this concept to exist as it is the means by which
they corral their followers. For a lie to remain and to be perpetuated it
must keep people from seeking where truth may be found.

ISOLATIONISM:
   This is usually used in conjunction with the fear motivations. It seeks
to isolate members from friends, relatives and the rest of the world that
may potentially be a channel of truth to the person being isolated. And
here we find we don't have to be in a cult at all to recognize that Satan
is at work all the time to isolate us from each other and then pumps junkie
thoughts into our heads. The implication in a cult in isolating a person is
to keep them from harm and "those unbelievers" that are not part of the
cult. The truth is it keeps the person from the truth. As Christians what
we need to be kept from is sin.
CONCEALMENTS:
Secret rituals, secret knowledge, secret prophecies. Just look for elitisms
in various forms.
IDOLATRY:
   From holy cows to the worship of saints, from rabbits feet and horse
shoes to Buddha, from the following of infallible men to the chasing after
the almighty dollar; it is all idolatry. Wherever your treasure is there
your heart will be also. The heart is always found at the feet of that
which it worships.
CLUES LIST:
rituals and traditions
divinations
necromancy
seers
guruisms
manic depressive
prophecy changes
deity of Christ denied
only ones with the truth
the Bible + (or no Bible at all)
altered terms and definitions
spiritual experiences becoming weightier than scripture
Trinity denied
dos and don'ts list stressed
elitisms
fear motivations
love lack
isolationisms
concealments
idol figures
source of truth (and discouraging seeking elsewhere)
revelation authorities and sources
sexual improprieties
rebellion
NON-PERTINENT SUPERNATURAL PHENOMENA:
  This is any supernatural manifestations that are non-pertinent to the
perpetuation of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. An example here would be Jean
Dixon predicting a horse race. This has nothing to do with the perpetuation
of the Gospel of Christ and therefore falls into the suspect category. I
must interject here my belief that I think God from time to time performs
some astounding things around and through individuals that are supernatural
that are not necessarily tagged as obviously Christian, but they happen
with those who are also not historically occultly involved. I refer here to
such things as are definitely occultly produced. Miracles occur all over as
God so chooses,but a key again here is that they "occur" as opposed to the
occult practice of "producing" them. When it comes to prophecy if it does
not perpetuate Jesus in some way it is not from God as the purpose of
prophecy from God is to, in some way, draw men unto salvation through Jesus
Christ.

DISCREDITS OR MALIGNS:
   Many seem to have a ministry of discrediting or maligning the truth
and/or the vessels of truth. We should not confuse this with those who are
seekers of the truth and are posing sincere questions. Nor should we throw
out our responsibility in rebuking those who are doing wrong for fear we
are maligning them. There are those who are not rebuking for the sake of
trying to change someone for the better, but rather they are in the
business of pointing a continual finger at the wrongs of other Christians
and ministries.

REBELLION:
  "is as the sin of witchcraft" - I Sam.15:23. I heard one star of a rock
group say, "we are not into Satan worship, just into rebellion". In God's
eyes they are synonymous. Satan was and still is the father of rebellion.

SEXUAL HYPER-SPACE:
   It is quite common to find a link in the hyper-spiritual and
aberrational sexual drives. I often ponder the thought that it may be the
guilt of the aberrational sexual drives that drives one into a
hyper-spiritual state. At any rate I have found these conditions commonly
together. The person may or may not have such sexual drives under control
in varying degrees, but none the less they are present.
TO JUDGE OR NOT TO JUDGE
   Don't let the enemy or others discredit the use of discernment labelling
it as being judgmental. You will learn that controllers will often label it
that so they can continue to control and not be found out.

SELF WILLED:
   A person who will not take instruction is one who follows his own will.
Again, don't confuse having a healthy will power with being self willed. A
self willed person is out to get what he wants. There are those who use
Christianity and Christians to get what they want. They will even fake
taking instruction and counselling to achieve what they want.
WHATEVER ATTRACTS FLIES CAN'T BE THAT GREAT:
   "you-know-what" draws flies. So if you can't tell if something is
"you-know-what" by looking at it you can know that it is "you-know-what" by
what it attracts. If you are hearing a doctrine you cannot readily discern
look to see who it is attracting. If it is attracting every nut in the
world then it is not a church it is a fruit factory. A good church may, and
should, attract the nuts, but it should be involved in getting them sane.
It  should not help to perpetuate their insanity.

PROVERBS 24:3 & 4:
 "Through wisdom is a house built and by understanding is it established
and by knowledge shall the chambers be filled with all precious and
pleasant riches."
DISCERNMENT'S OCCUPATIONAL HAZARD
   A hazard to look out for in having discernment is the developing of a
critical nature. You can end up in a ministry that revolves around pointing
out what is wrong with everything else. Let us remember Proverbs 12:6 -
"The wicked accuse, the godly defend".
GOOD AT WHAT YOU AREN'T
  This has to do with focussing so much on stating what you are not that
you fail to communicate to others what you are. "I don't believe in
denominations. I don't believe in praying to Mary. I don't believe in
sprinkling. I don't believe in post tribulation rapture. I don't believe
prophets are for today. I don't believe in healings for today." We have a
responsibility that if we are going to state what things we do not believe
we should make clear what things we do believe. If we do not then we have
truly sabotaged ourselves and what we should stand for.
PROVERBS 12:15
"A fool thinks he needs no advise, but a wise man listens to others."
PROVERBS 12:18
"There is that speaketh like the piercings of a sword: but the tongue of
the wise is health."
PROVERBS 12:20
"Deceit is in the heart of them that imagine evil: but to the counselors of
peace is joy."
JOY:
   Joy is not the absence of problems. You cannot have true joy if it is
dependant upon circumstances. A person who qualifies his joy on the
condition of his circumstances will begin to plan evil to acquire or
maintain those circumstances he equates with keeping his joy. When
someone's joy is linked with circumstances and you take away their control
of those circumstances they will become angry. This is really what
controllers are made of. They are people attempting to achieve joy by
controlling their circumstances believing that will bring about this goal.
I know that some things I write in this book some will say, "what does that
have to do with discernment?" In what we are talking about here you can
evaluate your own or someone else's anger and find that it may be the
result of qualifying joy with the condition of circumstances. We need to
practice not doing that. There is one circumstance that Jesus said would
bring joy. That is the circumstance of giving. It is more blessed t
o give than to receive.
PROVERBS 14:25
"A true witness delivereth souls, but a deceitful witness speaketh lies."
PROVERBS 14:29
"He that is slow to wrath is of great understanding: but he that is hasty
of spirit exalteth folly."
PROVERBS 14:33
"Wisdom is enshrined in the hearts of men of common sense; but it must
shout loudly before fools will hear it."

PROVERBS 15:12
"A scorner loveth not one that reproveth him: neither will he go unto the wise."
PROVERBS 15:21
"Folly is joy to him that is destitute of wisdom."

PROVERBS 15:27
Says that a troubled house may be the result of greed.

PROVERBS 16:18
"Pride goeth before destruction, and a haughty spirit before a fall."

ENABLING:
   Do not allow scripture to be used on you which will result in turning
you into an enabler. Scripture used which results in evil having more or
continued freedom is from the enemy such as letting murderers go free under
the guise of "showing mercy" when they are not repentant. We need to show
mercy toward the next victim that murderer may kill and keep him in prison.

LAUNCHING PADS
   Some use fellowships (church, Bible studies, 12 step groups, etc.) as a
launching pad for their own religious activities. They are basically there
to be seen and to be on their own soap box. They are looking for some
leadership identity to wear to negate the poor self image they have. If
they are allowed to lead they will lead the group into all kinds of strange
ideas and doctrines. They need our prayers and our love to help them come
to the realization that God loves them and takes them as they are so that
they may be healed or begin their healing. The admonition here is to
protect your group from being used as a launching pad. They seek
established groups to launch from as they know they cannot get off the
ground on their own.

THE RICH LITTLE SYNDROME:
   A person with a poor self image "in hiding" may use mimicry,
impersonations, etc. to create an alter identity with others that he feels
gives him security and significance in the group. He may feel he has
nothing to offer in being himself and therefore becomes somebody else.Help
him to be himself so he can be healed.

THE BUTLER DIDN'T DO IT:
Situational ethics is the systematic assassination of the conscience.

HOW TO "PROPHET" FROM A POOR SELF IMAGE:
  False prophets arise from poor self images. It is the catapulting of
oneself away from an undesired or unaccepted self into something perceived
as greatly desirable . . . a prophet of God.In this the person can now take
even rejection as the image of being a prophet of God over rides the effect
of rejection. In extreme cases some false prophets seek to achieve
rejection as a perverted form of proving they are a prophet of God. J.W.s
are very involved with the love of being rejected as they teach it adds a
great deal to their rewards they will get in heaven. Indeed I have seen
many of them purposely provoke situations where it became necessary to
throw them out of the house, for which they then achieve a sense of
acceptance of God by the act of being rejected by men.

HATCHING GRANOLA:
   Depression, prolonged or severe, may result in delusive visions and
spiritual experiences. This can bring a person into a "hyper-spiritual"
state. Hence, the birth of various fruits, flakes and nuts. A word of
caution here again as God often meets us at our darkest hours. We should
not presume that because one has been under a great deal of stress that it
negates an experience as having been from God. You can tell the difference
in this way. The person under great stress that has had a visitation from
God will be stabilized by the experience. A depression induced vision or
experience, though it may bring the person well out of depression, will
cause him to relate things in further irrational terms. The person may be
elated by the content of the delusion and quite well out of the depression,
for they may have "heard from God", and that God is going to bless them or
make them great in some way. "God" told them to write a book and it will
reach "millions" for Jesus (or in Carl Sag
an terms, "billions and billions" for Jesus). I use this term to illustrate
the delusive nature of this event. It is simply delusions of grandeur.
These unfortunate people see themselves as so important to God's Kingdom
that Satan himself has to come and battle with them almost daily, yet at
the same time they will assert they are meek and unimportant.
LUKE 11:42
"You tithe (obey laws), but pass over judgment and the love of God."
LUKE 11:41
"Give of what alms you have and all things are clean unto you."

DEUT. 13:3
Proves us; whether we love to be religious more than just loving God.

CLUE:
   Did you ever hear the Holy Spirit say. "Thus saith Billy Graham", or
"Thus saith the president." That tells you that Jesus Christ and the Bible
are our authority.
MODERN PSYCHOLOGY
   Teaches that it is bad to resist your urges. My brother became severely
ill with ulcers and colitis. He was put under the care of psychiatrists who
told him he needed to start drinking and chasing women and to let his anger
out by swearing more. This to me sounds like a fulfillment of the prophecy
that in the end times they will call evil good and good evil. Resisting
such things now is looked down on as an evil thing as it will "damage your
character". You could somewhat hear the disgust in my brothers voice for
them when they asked him if he ever heard voices and his reply was "yes".
They became immediately intent on this answer and asked when it was that he
heard these "voices". His reply . . ."when people talk to me".Counselling
is not without benefit, but you need to watch out for some of the
conclusions that are drawn from such sessions. Statistically a person who
has had a nervous breakdown and does not get help has a better chance of
becoming well after a year than does
 the person who is "treated". That is not a joke. That is a statistical reality.

BAD VENDORS
   The Bible says not to seek those with familiar spirits and wizards. This
is the acquiring of knowledge by other means than by prayer, the unction of
the Holy Spirit and the counsel of God through His written word and his
anointed and appointed vessels. Many of you will say, "Oh, I don't seek
after those things." What about checking out your horoscope as you are
reading through the paper ? Christians need to quit flirting with the
occult.

ISAIAH 28:7
   Priest and prophet have errored through strong drink. So, another
problem contributing to the rise of false doctrines is the use of alcohol
by those who have made themselves our leaders.

TRYING TO MOLD DRIED CLAY:
   You would not spend long trying to shape clay that has dried. For the
same reason we can waste our time on those who do not wish to change or
will not put to use the wise counsel that is provided for them. There are
people in the church who just string other Christians along convincing them
that they will use the directions andadvise being provided them. They make
others work very hard at trying to help them, yet they continue to
participate in the same lifestyles they have had all along. The world is
full of people who would appreciate our help and would profit by it.But
these others are tools of the enemy to waste our time and keep us from
helping those who would use the help and are capable of positive changes
and willing to do so. It is a matter of building up that which is able and
willing to be built up.

DEFINITION:
  Beguile = To deceive by trickery. (A=A) or subtlety which means with
delicate, clever, ingenious, intricate, or fine distinctions.

BUZZWORDS:
   Listen for those who use "buzzwords". Buzzwords are used as bait to get
you interested in the pitch and then without noticing you get poisoned. A
good example of this is the two buzzwords "Christian Scientist". They are
neither Christian nor scientist. One cannot be a scientist who insists on
the application of a lie in the presence of obvious and undeniable truth.
Buzzwords are used to get you thinking good about  something that,
underneath, is bad. They are used to establish in ones mind an immediate
credibility without having to divulge the real facts. People who collect
money on the streets such as the "Moonies" who say, "Would you like to give
to a "Christian" "youth" "drug rehabilitation" "program" are just using a
nice string of buzzwords. My, how could anyone be against something with
such a positive sounding title as that? I saw a panhandler collecting (for
himself only) $700 to $800  per week passing a hat in the subways for "The
Council Against Hunger In America". He admitted the money was for himself
to buy cocaine. Don't swallow buzzwords. Find out who people are before
giving to their causes or worse yet joining them. What do they stand for
and believe and what are their goals ?

POSSESSION CHECK LIST:
   I have seen a lot of "pseudo-possessions" in Christian realms followed
by "pseudo-exorcisms" or "pseudo-deliverances". I will write further on the
subject later in this book. For now I will give a simple check list of
things that are usually present in the case of real demonic possession.
Some, and in extreme cases all, of the following should be manifested in an
actual possession:
supernatural knowledge a foul odor speaking in a previously unlearned
language (not to be referred to or confused with "speaking in tongues").
aversion to the reference of the Blood of Jesus Christ voice change
supernatural strength self inflicted wounds agitations at the mention of
Christ and in very dramatic cases actual physical transformations

Q.C. ON THE ASSEMBLY LINE:
   In trying to discern whether a preacher or evangelist or what have you
is o.k. look to see what kind of crowd he draws and then what kind of
person is the ministry itself producing. I watch some of these prosperity
churches draw in unstable people and what they produce with them is greedy
unstable people. It is fine to attract the "crazies" of the world as long
as your message and your teaching is helping to make them less crazy. In a
lot of ways I see that the "crazies" are not attracted to a stable church
because they sense that there they will not be encouraged to stay crazy.
They wish to have fellowship on  these terms, "If you won't make me get
well I won't make you get well". It is ministering hemlock to the already
poisoned. I do not trust any church that does not instruct their people to
search the scriptures on their own. I do not trust a church that does not
want or allow their people to think and to question for themselves. I do
not trust a church that wants their people to accept just the answers they
are given by the church and their leaders. A person who tends to let others
do his thinking for him is but a tender morsel to be devoured by the enemy,
a user or some cult. If God did not mean for us to think and to question
things for ourselves he would have given brains just to the priests and to
the rest of us empty heads.
COLOSSIANS 2:23
   Doctrines of denial only make men proud. So much for not eating meat or
being a celibate and all that stuff. Many things of denial are simply good
for you physically, but they do not add anything to you spiritually.
TO HELP OR NOT TO HELP:
   False teachers foster more questions than they do answers and confusion
often results, but "The godly are to edify through spiritual gifts". You
should walk away from church feeling lifted up and better even if you were
convicted toward repentance of something-(conviction without repentance,
however, may not leave you with a good feeling.Not to confuse self
inflicted guilt with the conviction which comes from the Holy Spirit
either.) False teaching breeds heaviness and burden, not conviction.

JANGLER:
   The Bible refers to the noise false teachers make as "jangling". So,
this is what I call a person who is ministering something other than that
which builds up and edifies the Body of Christ for that is the purpose of
the real gifts as given by God. So, these people are "Janglers".
I TIMOTHY 4:3
Refers to one of the signs of a false teacher as forbidding to marry and
the abstaining from meats.

$PIRITUAL:
   Financial gaining is sometimes a clue of false ministries. Some are very
bold about it and others are very subtle about it. I feel sad at this that
the good and anointed ministers of God sometimes suffer because of the
charlatans that are out there. I wish to pose a question here. Is there
such a thing as "ministry as a business" ? To minister is to "give". If
there is a profit being made than what is being given ? Then, would not the
profit they make off their "ministry" be their full reward ? What more
should a person expect to receive in the life to come in the way of rewards
if he has lived by the profits of a ministry in this life ?  If one
receives a reward in the life to come I would think it would be for
something he had "given" in this life. Should a person receive a reward
besides already having gotten profits ? A church and ministry needs to run
and it takes money to do so and the good ones should be supported and the
good ministers should be supported. That is not what I refer to here. I am
making a distinction between being supported in ministry and turning into a
business for profit. I truly believe Christianity today is filled with
people in it for the making of money alone. Christianity today is profuse
with entrepreneurs.
WHAT'S A MANNA WITH YOU ?
   False prophets and teachers are wells without water, clouds without rain
and give promises that do not lead to fulfillment and satisfaction. The
"manna" they give you to eat you walk away as hungry as you came. If a
ministry is not feeding you. . .get out of it and get somewhere that will
give you food.
RUSTLING IN THE BUSHES:
   This is a term I use to refer to knowing something is wrong, but not
knowing exactly what it is. This is a common sensation among those that are
feeling, learning and sensing the spirit and gift of discernment. Someone
comes into your group and you have a feeling something just isn't right.
That is the "rustling in the bushes".Pay very close and continuous
attention to this feeling until you can put a finger on what it is. If you
ignore it and let it go, things may happen and you may find out too late to
change some damage that may result. I am sure there were some who worked at
PTL who felt this "rustling in the bushes", but it was either ignored or
they weren't in a position to do anything about it. I remember turning on
the t.v. while with another person who had a strong sense of discernment
and this had been the first they had ever seen of Jim and Tammy. This
person related to me in detail what they discerned was in their life and 3
years later those very things came to the surface .
TRUTH OR CONSEQUENCES:
   It is better to be honest and thought to be a jerk than to be one of
these spiritual wonders that are leading the members of Christ into all
kinds of foolishness.
MINISTRY WORSHIP:
   Ministry itself becomes an idol to many. The test of our position is to
ask,"who are we without our ministry?" I know of a music director who fell
apart when he lost his "ministry in music". If it is a ministry from God it
is then not yours to lose. I am sure there is a reasonable sense of lose as
one may lose a position in ministry in the sense of missing what one enjoys
doing, but the line drawn here is between that and where one is treating it
as idolatry.
REMEMBER THE ALAMO:
   Acceptance of someone is not license for them to run amuck in an area
God has given you charge over. Define the area God has given you charge
over and protect it. As examples if this, besides just the fruits, flakes
and nuts that get out of hand that need controlled, are the many Christian
musicians and singers that are running amuck in the area of prophecy and
evangelism. So many are not satisfied being the part of the body God made
them to be. They seek to be several parts at once if not the entire body
itself. And while they are charading as a prophet the one who is truly
called by God as a prophet is squeezed out of the picture and kept from
saying what God has given him to say. These Christian entertainers use the
limelight they have gained to muscle out other members of the body from
doing what God has also called them to do and we are left with the
musicians and singers trying to provide for us the entire full course meal
our spirits require from God. This is why so many
 also do not even believe in prophets and apostles for today because they
have been so squeezed out for so long by these types doing the whole show
that now we have come to believe that is the scriptural way things are
suppose to be.
DOCTRINES OF HELL-TH:
   The idea that it is God's will that everyone be healthy doesn't jive
scripturally for me. As I said before, what God may want may not be his
will. I believe God wants us all to be healthy. I believe He is concerned
with the health of our soul first. Sometimes a physical sickness can get
many of us to a spiritual healthy state that we may not have achieved
otherwise. I still think it is one of Gods tools for getting the attention
of his children, for causing us to grow, and as a form of chastisement and
as a form of judgment to the unsaved. I think, and the Bible supports this,
that at times it is God's will for us to go through a physical illness
wherein the purpose is for God to establish his will and to prove his
glory. Was it God's will that Lazarus not die ? Christ made it very clear
that  it was his own wish that Lazarus not have to die,but at the same time
made it very clear that it was the Father's will for Lazarus to die that
God's glory may be manifest. And Jesus was s
ubmitting to this will of his Father. In the purest stretch of this
doctrine that God wants us totally healthy than I would believe it should
be attainable never to have to die. Ah! . . .here is another thought, "it
is appointed unto man once to die". Who's will established that verse ?
It's from the Bible. Who wrote the Bible ? Is dying being healthy ? God
called Nebuchadnezzar his servant yet God struck Nebuchadnezzar with lunacy
for seven years because of his pride. Some of this preaching takes on the
assumption that having the Holy Spirit is equivalent to having immunities.
Faith and our own responsibility enter into the picture. It is not only
what God wants, but how we are or are not responding to those things he
wishes for us.

THE GOSSIP INTERLUDE:
   This is the prayer request brought up before a prayer group that has
nothing to do with being a prayer request and everything to do with being a
gossip interlude. "Oh, pray for sister Judy, her husband has run off with
his secretary and is living is such sin . . .blah . . .blah . . .blah . .
.blah.
TRUMPET BLOWING PRAYER REQUESTS:
   Some, in asking for prayer, do it more as a declaration than as a prayer
request. "Please pray for me I may have cancer", may be stated more for
recognition, attention and the getting of sympathy than as an actual desire
for a prayer of healing. Indeed, I have known many who would refuse healing
in order to keep their sickness as a tool to control others and have others
rally around them. This is a control mechanism to get others to cater to
them and to give them attention.
THE STRONG POINTS ARE THE WEAK POINTS:
   Our strong characteristics also tend to be the areas in which we fail
the most, or have our weakest points. A person that is analytical as a
strong point may also be failing because he may analyze things to the
degree they get nothing done.They think about the possibilities of so many
different ways to decide on something that they never make decisions on
which way to proceed. It is generally a stronger point with women that they
are more naturally prone toward spiritual things because of their sensitive
and intuitive nature. However, they are also more apt to be the prey of
enemy forces in the spirit because of that as well. The ratio of women to
men in the fields of the occult far surpass that of men. All the time when
watching the t.v. commercials for psychics, astrologers, palm readers and
on and on they seem to be 90% women. So, in discernment again if you are
wanting to learn how to focus on where a problem may arise look to what the
strengths are and therein is an inhere
nt place of weakness.
COMMON SENSE:
   Common sense is discernment. We cannot pray away or rebuke something we
ourselves should take action upon. Hence the serenity prayer that God Grant
us the wisdom to know when we should. Common sense does not require prayer
time or an audible voice from the Lord telling us what to do. Common sense
does not need two or three witnesses to proceed with an action we should
take. If you see a drowning child in a pool you do not go to God in prayer
to seek his will about whether you should rescue the child or not. Nor do
you try find two or three witnesses to verify your conviction that you
think you should jump in to save him. Obviously by the time we would be
done fooling around with this kind of decision making it will be too late
and the child will be dead. I have painted here an absurd picture yet in
many things this is exactly how I see Christians making many decisions
about things. They can be witness to a neighbor beating his child and
wonder if they should call the police or get involved. We are sometimes
tripped up on the verse in scripture which reads,"we wrestle not against
flesh and blood, but against things in the spirit", so I watch people
"disinvolve" themselves from circumstances such as picking up the phone and
calling the police when they see a child being beaten. Or a wife is a Chr
istian, but her husband is a drunk and comes home every night and beats her
and she wonders if she is suppose to stay with him and pray. So we go to
our prayer closets and rebuke the child abuser and the drunk "in the
spirit". I don't think this is altogether wrong in praying and fighting
against these things in the spirit. I just think we have left out some
steps that we ourselves should be taking. It is much like standing at the
edge of the pool in which a child is drowning and rebuking the water in the
name of Jesus for drowning the child. . ."stop that water . . .stop that
water in the name of Jesus I command you to quit drowning that child". I
think this is one reason we have such a corrupted government anymore and
one which is no longer able to figure out right and wrong. Instead of being
involved as Christians and saying what will be allowed and what will not we
have let twisted lawyers and judges take over while we stood in our prayer
closets trying to rebuke it from happe
ning. I believe it is going to happen anyway as the world gets closer to
the return of Jesus, but I pray we are not counted among the "enablers"
that is part of bringing it about.
ALCOHOL:
   The Lord says that it is not what goes into a man that defiles him, but
what comes out of him. So, then, alcohol itself is not a sin nor is
drinking it, but it is "what comes out of you in particular when you
drink". If there is evil in the heart it is much more likely to come out in
a drunken state. If one is motivated towards sin when he drinks (or when he
does anything else for that matter) then he should not. I see how some
people when they get around certain people will "drink till drunk the wine
of gossip and backbiting". Think about that one. But,the subject here is
alcohol. When the Lord was speaking to me about drinking one time and
talking about how things in the heart come out when drinking he made, what
was to me, a great joke and yet a very pertinent statement. This is not
meant to be irreverent or disrespectful of the Lord either. If drinking
effected him as it does us in releasing things in our hearts then in theory
he, being filled with holiness in his heart, wo
uld become more expressive of that holiness as he drank. However with us it
is different as we have sin floating around in ours just waiting for a
chance to pop out as the restraints are lowered, which is what alcohol
does. Unless your heart is right in all ways you take this chance when you
drink. We, as Christians are always trying to restrain the old nature of
sin in our life to walk as we should and to deliberately weaken the
mechanism which enables us to restrain it by drinking is simply taking
chances.Some can do it, but there are far too many that can't.

BODY LANGUAGE:
   I believe this is a form of useful discernment. I do think the secular
world carries their interpretations to the extreme.
TO BE LIFTED UP OR SHOT DOWN:
A true ministry will be encouraging.
A false ministry will be demanding.
THE THREE CATEGORIES YOU WILL DISCERN ARE:
The truth.
The truth twisted.
And the outright lie.
CLUE:
   Another tool in determining the value of a supposed spiritual doctrine
is to find if it's hopes are in any way built upon earthly things.
THE BUILDER AND THE DESTROYER:
   The builder is Christ and the destroyer is Satan. Just watch people to
see which category they fit into and you will know whose they are.Simply
those working for Satan will be tearing things down and those of God's
people will (I should say "should") be building and edifying up the body of
believers and even non-believers.

RUN-AMUCKERS:
  "The Lord shall use the simple to confound the wise" and "The Lord's
people are a peculiar people", is not a license to act like an idiot in the
name of Jesus.

CIRCUMSTANCES:
Is a tool for discernment; for, where God guides God provides.

PUTTING OUT A FLEECE:
   A fleece should be just difficult enough to recognize God's hand in it
when it happens and not so impossible so as to tempt God. It should not be
so simple that God's hand is not recognized as being the cause when it
occurs. A fleece can be used when a decision needs to be made which is
beyond our experience or common sense to make.
HEART, A TACT:
   When we closely study what our own hearts are capable of, we begin to
recognize what others are up to. I have found there is a direct ratio in
the quality of a preacher and his own honesty to himself about knowing the
capabilities that exist within himself concerning the nature of the "old
man".
TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE:
   The person that comes off as unusually spiritual more often than not is
because of an aberrated reason. Those "too good to be true" individuals are
often just that. Beneath the incredible facade of wonderfulness is the
"little darker than usual" side. A person once asked me why I was so nice.
My reply was that I had more to hide. Being acutely aware of my own short
comings is what prompted that jestful remark, yet in the right arena it is
a very appropriate remark relating to a great number of people and
ministers and situations within Christianity today.
REVERSE HUMILITY:
   There are those individuals and churches and organizations who spend
time glorying in their lowliness. This is pride worse than pride. This is
the pride of the pharisees.
WISDOM SEEKS NOT ITSELF:
   For wisdom to be reflecting upon itself it cannot then be wisdom for
introspection in search for assurance is foolishness.
WE LIKE TO TALK ABOUT OUR DAD:
   Those who are children of God enjoy hearing about Jesus, the Holy
Spirit, and God the Father and all subjects related. Those who are not
comfortable talking about Jesus fall into the category of being suspect of
whether they are even born again as yet. There is a verse in the Bible
where it says they knew the people were Christians because they listened
to, and was enjoying what was being said about Jesus.
ISAIAH 5:20
"Woe unto the man that calls evil good".

KARMA CORN:
   Three children in a cult commune nursery wandered off and got into a
refrigerator and died inside. The cult's indifferent response was "that was
their karma". They should have been tried and given jail terms for
manslaughter for such a remark and indifference then told "this is your
karma".
THEY IS WHAT THEY AIN'T:
   Though the following statement is in no way fool proof I have found it
to be very often true. I listen to what people say to me about themselves
at first meeting. Much of the time these things they first tell you about
themselves are the very things that are not true. They seem to pick the
areas they know they have a problem with and right off the bat try to get
you to believe what they wish was true. For underneath is the yearning for
a relationship they can have that is free of the faults they know about
themselves. So that is many times what is falsely painted at the onset of a
relationship. I have used this very effectively in dealing with various
companies. When they have said,"This company is like a family and you can
come to me and talk any time you feel a need to". I have looked for it to
be a company run by a tyrant who didn't listen to anybody. As I said, these
are definitely not solid axioms I am relating here and it almost borders on
the paranoia, but human nature is what it is. I have simply found these
events to be substantially reoccurring enough that mentioning them is of
value despite the negative sound of the outlay. This phenomena has been
amazingly accurate. When someone offers up to me so quickly, when first
meeting, how honest he is; I look for him to be a cheat and in most cases
this bares out to be true in the end. I have to ask. . .when a person first
meets me; why he even carries the need around to let me know that he is
honest.
JUDGES 7:6
   Reading this story about Gideon's army at the water hole makes me think
of discernment. A good soldier does not stoop and lap from a water hole,
but brings that water to his lips with the cup of his hand so he can keep
his eyes up and on his surroundings. The idea of them drinking represents a
time of revival as water is a symbol of the Holy Spirit. It is good wisdom
to keep in mind that as revival comes to keep watch on the surroundings to
see what may be sneaking into the group. Do not get so involved with the
drinking in that you get caught off guard or that you fail to hear some
"rustling in the bushes". With revival will come the wolves to lure any
young lambs away they can to devour. Interesting that it is specifically
part of the J.W. training to go after recent Christian converts to lure
into the cult and not "unbelievers".
TUNING IN:
   We should not live too much by our feelings for as Christians we are to
live by faith, but I must point out that it is through feelings which
discernment is used. Discernment, much of the time, is felt. We just have
to learn how to fine tune our spirits to recognize the difference between
our own emotions and the feelings that may be discernment in operation.

MATTHEW 7:15-23
   Watch out for false prophets. they come to you in sheep's clothing, but
inwardly they are ferocious wolves. By their fruit you will recognize them.
Do people pick grapes from thorn bushes, or figs from thistles ? Likewise
every good tree bears good fruit, but a bad tree bears bad fruit. A good
tree cannot bear bad fruit, and a bad tree cannot bear good fruit. Every
tree that does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire.
Thus, by their fruit you will recognize them.

   Not everyone who says to me, "Lord, Lord," will enter the kingdom of
heaven, but only he who does the will of my Father  who is in heaven. Many
will say to me on that day, "Lord,Lord, did we not prophecy in your name,
and in your name drive out demons and perform many miracles?" Then I will
tell them plainly, "I never knew you. Away from me, you evildoers!"
MATTHEW 15:8 & 9
   These people honor me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me.
They worship me in vain; their teachings are but rules taught by men.
MATTHEW 23
   Then Jesus said to the crowds and to his disciples: "The teachers of the
law and the pharisees sit in Moses' seat. So you must obey them and do
everything they tell you. But do not do what they do, for they do not
practice what they preach. They tie up heavy loads and put them on men's
shoulders, but they themselves are not willing to lift a finger to move
them.

   Everything they do is done for men to see: They make phylacteries wide
and the tassels of their prayer shawls long; they love the place of honor
at banquets and the most important seats in the synagogues; they love to be
greeted in the marketplaces and to have men call them "Rabbi".

   But you are not to be called "Rabbi", for you have only one Master and
you are all brothers. And do not call anyone on earth "Father", for you
have one Father, and He is in heaven. Nor are you to be called "teacher",
for you have one Teacher, The Christ. The greatest among you will be your
servant. For whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles
himself will be exalted.

   Woe to you, you teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You
shut the kingdom of heaven in men's faces. You yourselves do not enter, nor
will you let those enter who are trying to.

   Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You
travel over land and sea to win a single  convert, and when he becomes one,
you make him twice as much a son of hell as you are.

   Woe to you, blind guides! You say, "If anyone swears by the temple, he
is bound by his oath". You blind fools ! Which is greater; the gold, or the
temple that makes the gold sacred ? Therefore, he who swears by the altar
swears by it and everything on it. And he who swears by the temple swears
by it and by the one who dwells in it. And he who swears by heaven swears
by God's throne and by the one who sits on it.

   Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You give
a tenth of your spices-mint, dill and cummin. But you have neglected the
more important matters of the law-justice, mercy and faithfulness. You
should have practiced the latter, without neglecting the former. You blind
guides ! You strain out a gnat but swallow a camel.

   Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You clean
the outside of the cup and dish, but inside they are full of greed and
self-indulgence. Blind Pharisee ! First clean the inside of the cup and
dish, and then the outside also will be clean.

   Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You are
like white washed tombs, which look beautiful on the outside but on the
inside are full of dead men's bones and everything unclean. In the same
way, on the outside you appear to people as righteous but on the inside you
are full of hypocrisy and wickedness.

   Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You build
tombs for the prophets and decorate the graves of the righteous. And you
say, "If we had lived in the days of our forefathers, we would not have
taken part with them in shedding the blood of the prophets." So you testify
against yourself that you are the descendants of those who murdered the
prophets. Fill up, then, the measure of the sin of your forefathers !

   You snakes ! You brood of vipers ! How will you escape being condemned
to hell ? Therefore I am sending you prophets and wise men and teachers.
Some of them you will kill and crucify; others you will flog in your
synagogues and pursue from town to town. And so upon you will come all the
righteous blood that has been shed on earth, from the blood of righteous
Abel to the blood of Zechariah son of Berakiah, whom you murdered between
the temple and the altar. I tell you the truth, all this will come upon
this generation.

   "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you who kill the prophets and stone those sent
to you, how often I have longed to gather your children together, as a hen
gathers her chicks under her wings, but you were not willing. Look, your
house is left to you desolate. For I tell you, you will not see me again
until you say, "Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord".

   Matthew 23 was such a good picture of falsehood I was compelled to copy
the whole chapter here. Just reading it provokes discernment of those
things around us. There are people and churches today that fit this
description. You can tell how Jesus feels about them. For descriptions of
the end times read Matthew 24 and 25.
=================================================================

    These are just the notes from the class on discernment I taught. They
are not complete in any way for there is a great deal more to say
concerning the subject, but this is offered here, as written, as a tool
toward one becoming familiar with discernment and some of its facets.

   I most earnestly pray that at least a few things herein will prove to be
beneficial to increasing the quality of your Christian walk.
W. Mark Wattenford
8600 Citrus #119
Fontana, Ca. 92335
"BloodAtone" @Aol.Com
Copyright 1989

*******************************

Prophe-Zine News Bites

Gog in the Golan
By: EZK38@aol.com

In Ezekiel 38:8 God says that Gog & his allies will come up against the
mountains of Israel. In Ezekiel 38:15 God says that Gog will attack from
the North. Looking at these two statements together, it is clear that the
mountains of Israel that Gog will come against will be in northern Israel,
being that Gog will attack from the North.

In addition, Ezekiel 39: 4 says that Gog will fall upon these mountains,
with verse 5 looking to the further demise of Gog in the valley below.
Looking further into Chapter 39 of Ezekiel, verse 11 reveals that after Gog
is defeated, his dead will be given a place for graves in Israel, in the
valley of the passengers, on the east of the sea. Yet another interesting
clue, but what valley, and what sea? Enter the Golan.

If you can find a real large & detailed map of Israel (I have one from
National Geographic) you will find a number of locations in the immediate
area around the Sea of Galilee with names simular to the valley of
Hamon-gog, and the city of Hamonah mentioned in Ezekiel 39:15-16, such
places as Hamma, El Hamma, Hammat, Mevo Hamma, ect ...

Now look at Ezekiel 39:17-20. Here God calls forth the fowls & beast of the
field to feast of the carcasses of the defeated Gog, but what I found
interesting is the menu found in verse 18. Here among the slain of this
terrible destruction lie an  array of livestock, which Ezekiel identifes as
the fatlings of Bashan. In other words, when Gog storms across the valley
against the mountains of Israel, and the horrific judgement of God falls as
described in Ezekiel 38:18-22, much of the  livestock in the ancient land
of Bashan will perish in the process.

The interesting thing about this whole scenario is that the ancient land of
Bashan is located in what we now call the Golan Heights. A simple
comparision of an old Bible map, and a modern map of Israel will verify
this. So it appears from Ezekiel's prophecy that current, or future
security arrangements in the Golan Heights could very well play an
important part in the fulfillment of at least some of the many details
Ezekiel provided.

++++++++++++++++++++++

Backgrounds Of The Euro-Currency
by : Rob van Nigtevecht
Translated by: rudy@aktueel.iwg.nl (Rudy Brinkman)

Now that Europe has decided unanimous to have the 'Euro' as the new
currency for all European countries all other currencies will have to
disappear before 2002. This is going to be the basis for a new state, that
can be ruled by the Euro-money.

The Kingdoms and republics who act against the European politics can be
punished much easier via economic pressure then ever before. Europe can do
so on basis of the Maastricht Treaty. On the Euro there well be a picture
of Mercury, the god of money and trading. This Roman god is also known as
the Greek Hermes, the god of thiefs, merchants and bankers.

The goal is to make the Euro - and the European economy - the strongest
that has ever been. This system will only work if all the money of every
citizen will be available for the economic machine. This can only be
achieved when people will not have 'cash' on them. If 150 million people
carry $ 100,= with them there is a total amount of 1.5 billion that is not
available for the banking and financing industry.

Personal savings outside of the banking system are not desirable, and years
and years people have been told to bring there savings to the bank -
because of the interest we all do! More and more we are using 'electronic
banking', via credit- cards and 'chip-cards'.

The Euro-currency is only the start of something else: the Euro-digit.
Digital money will be the replacement of the coins and notes we now know.
From that moment on we will be held prisoner by the financial institutes
and governments... And this moment is getting very close.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

MONEY FROM THE CALL-BOX ?!
by : Rudy Brinkman (rudy@aktueel.iwg.nl)

In Holland the chip-cards (Smart Cards) are very popular. It was only a few
days ago that the papers here printed really astonishing news! In Holland
we have, in almost every small village, a call-box (Telephone booth). A few
years ago the national telecoms firm started to remove the old ones (witch
allowed to pay you with coins) with phones that now only accept chip-cards
/ Smart Cards. At this moment there are 15,000 call-boxes in Holland who
can be used with the chip-cards. The 'hot news' was that those phones
cannot only be used to make a call, but are also suitable to 'load' your
"smart- card", with "digital money" for (electronic) payments.

The 'smart-card' is a new project, especially ment for replacing the small
transactions, such as payments in the supermarket. It is a project from the
PostBank (a member of the ING group) the Tele- coms firm (KPN) and others.

The smart-card is, in our opinion, only the beginning of the end.. As we
can see from the above, it will not take long until there will be a moment
that no-one can buy or sell, unless he or she wears the mark of the beast.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

World Bank VP Calls for Redistribution of Wealth
By:  David Fingrut live from Istanabul <hermes3@ngoforum.org.tr>
Date: Tue, 11 Jun 1996 17:22:59 +0200

Here's part of an inteview I conducted with the vice-president of the World
Bank, as published in 'The Home Planet', a local youth-run alternative
paper in Turkey.

PLAYING HARDBALL WITH WORLD BANK - by David Fingrut

The 1996 Habitat II Conference in Istanbul links the right to adequate
housing with issues of poverty and gender equality, along with debt relief
and sustainable economic restructuring.  Currently, a major crisis is
taking place in countries such as Uganda, Bolivia, Zaire, Cameroon,
Mozambique, Nicaragua, Zambia, and Ethiopia, whose debt to the World Bank
is tremendous and debilitating.

Ismail Sergeldin, Vice President of the World Bank stated in a recent press
conference that, "we live in a world where about 700 million people go
hungry every day at a time when we have the resources and the opportunities
to abolish hunger.  It is an issue of morals and an issue for social
justice."

Mr. Seraldin extoled the elimination of slavery, the need to abolish world
hunger currently faced by 1/6 of humanity, especially those in dense urban
zones, and stated that "we must think in terms of social justice; that we
must find ways of tempering the ruthless effiency of the market with a
caring and nurturing solidarity in its place."

In what could easily be interpreted as a call for redistribution of wealth,
the World Bank VP mentioned how the riches 20% of the wrold receive 83% of
the world's income while the bottom 20% receive less than 1.5%, and called
on richer societies to reach out and help the majority of humanity.

Mr. Seraldin called on youth to pro-actively work to prevent the emergence
of the undercalss, teh homeless, the dispossessed, and the disenfranchised.
After committing to work with youth he again made a call for "bringing
people together" and once again for "solidarity and sense of social
justice."

In light of his statemtns, I asked Mr. Serldin to comment on the role of
the World Bank in perpetuating the debt of the world's poorest countries,
which effectively keeps the majority world in a state of post-colonial
slavery. He resoponded that "there is a proposal that has been put forward
before the Council of Ministers that meets in the development committee for
alleviating debt burden of the most heavily indebted poorest countires.
You may recall that almost a year ago, there was a big leak in the press
about studies being done."  Somewhat avoiding the question, Mr. Serladin
continued:

"Well, I mean this sort of slowed down the studies and the consultations,
but in fact the studies have been done and discussions are ongoing between
the ministers of finance of the world and we are very hopeful that actions
will be taken to alleviate the debt of the most heavily indebted poorest
countires, both multilateral and of course bilateral as well.  The
specifics of that proposal are still being discussed and I can't tell you
about it but the process is under way.  We have been comitted to that and
the president of the World Bank has made that as one of his objectives."

Personally, I was quite surprised at the use of rhetoric traditionally
found within left-wing and progressive social justice movements by a leader
of the world's wealthiest financial institiutions.  However, I hope we all
remmber Mr. Serladin's numerous calls for debt reduction, solidarity, and
social justice (a term he used 3 times in one speech), and especially his
commitment to work with youth when those of us from Youth for Habitat II
need funding to begin implementing our global plans of action.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

United Nations Army
by Archibald E. Roberts, LtCol

UNITED NATIONS ARMY

"Americans must halt the build-up of a United Nations Army or we will soon
find ourselves supervised by sociological drovers in a one-world animal
farm."
Extract, VICTORY DENIED  (1966) by Archibald E. Roberts, LtCol (then Major)
301 pages, Library of Congress #66-20665, OUT OF PRINT


The people, source of all political power, are responsible for instructing
elected officials to confine functions of government to limitations defined
in the Constitution. (A)

Citizen-initiated, state legislative solution to the United Nations problem
is offered by Committee to Restore the Constitution:

1. Model 'letter of instruction' to state lawmakers with names and
addresses of legislators on self-adhesive labels.

2. State bills prepared by T. David Horton, Counsel, Committee to Restore
the Constitution:
    a. "Bill to Investigate the Legality of the Action of Federal Agents
with  Regard to the United Nations"
    b. "Bill to Provide for Enforcement of the Constitution of the United
States with Regard to the So-called United Nations Organization"  (includes
criminal sanctions).

3. "Characteristics of Government", testimony by T. David Horton, Attorney,
restating authority and responsibility of state legislators to correct
violations of the Constitution by their agents in Washington.

4. Back-up documentation to continue public education of state lawmakers, i.e.:

   Senate Joint Resolution #65 "Establishing a commission to study the
creation of a standing international military force under the United
Nations Charter" 16 March 1993 - April 1994 bulletin.

   Presidential Decision Directive #25, 3 May 1994 (State Department
Summary) "The Clinton Administration's Policy on Reforming Multilateral
Peace Operations" (transfers control of US military forces to foreign
commanders, e.g.: Bosnia) - October 1994 Committee bulletin - and much
more.

*****************************************************************************

UNITED NATIONS ARMY AND THE NEW WORLD ORDER

My interest in United Nations cabalistic nuance began in Korea where I
observed the American flag and the United Nations banner flying side by
side at the Pusan Headquarters, Supreme United Nations Command, Korea.  It
was also in Korea that, for the first time, I observed American dead being
buried under a foreign device in a United Nations cemetery.

This curiosity increased during the course of my struggle to comply with
military orders which directed the establishment of pro-American troop
educational programs in Germany.  These military directives, I found, were
sabotaged by concealed forces in the Pentagon and in the Department of
State.  I was to discover later that these policy moves originated in the
United Nations under authority of the United Nations Charter.

Additional evidence of a strange ambivalence regarding official statements
concerning troop information objectives and the field application of those
principles was revealed during the course of the Senate 'military muzzling'
investigations which sprang from this struggle.  It then became apparent
that hidden policy planners at an international level were in fact
directing a propaganda campaign which opposed the principles set forth in
the United States Constitution; the Constitution which I have sworn to
'defend and preserve'. (B)

Confronted with the divided allegiance demanded by the new military
morality I determined to trace the origins of this mischief and to make it
my mission to seek the means for correcting the misdirection of armed
forces policy and which would end the exploitation of America's soldier
sons in international adventures.

The information gleaned during the course of my personal investigations,
and the situations which produced such evidence, are presented in this
book.  This compendium of international deceit is drawn from actions in
which I was personally involved or which are the result of related research
and examination of public and private documents.

The following factors will be disclosed as having a material bearing on the
abuse of American fighting forces and the undermining of the United States
Consitutiton:

a. The United Nations Organization is the product of internationalists
whose objective is Soviet-style control over the world's people and
resources.

b. A prime requisite for the achievement of one-world government under the
UN flag is United Nations command of the US military forces.
c. Technique for achieving UN command of the US military establishment
includes UN manipulation of United States government agencies,
establishment of interlocking propaganda media, and the employment of
politically oriented agents who are in sympathy with one-world government
policy.

The purpose of the disclosure is two-fold; first, to indict publicly the
United Nations Organization and, second,to illustrate the importance of
immediate action to resolve this condition of dire peril.

A major objective of the work is the presentation of a
Constitution-centered citizen action plan which will lead to the
reestablishment of the United  States Constitution as the 'Supreme Law of
the Land'.  The concluding portion of the book will, therefore, be
concerned with a proposal to insure that the limits of the US Constitution
are respected within the borders of the sovereign states.

It will be shown that Americans can act to avert terminal passage of our
Christian nation into a Soviet twilight zone under the United Nations
banner.

Of course, the Planners tell us that the United Nations is the hope of the
world.

But we know that the United Nations is not what UN supporters think it is.

The United Nations is what the articles of the UN Charter say it is:
    The United Nations is an agency for imposing a one-world government on
the nations of the world; by peaceful means if possible; by force and
violence if necessary.

The law of self-preservation demands that Americans learn as much as
possible about this international organization; an agency which is geared
for a take-over of the United States.  We must know its origins; we must
study its charter, and we must examine its effect on our national policy.

Our study will be a candid examination of a new dimension in warfare.  It
will show that the weapons employed by our enemy are duplicity, subversion,
and treason.  However, before exploring the events which placed our
soldiers under UN command, it may be pertinent to explain why many army men
have elected to become personally involved in this psycho-political war.
Perhaps the most direct means of defining our position is to present the
oath each officer takes upon being commissioned in the United States Army.
(C)

This was, and is the military creed:
    "I, ...., do solemnly swear that I will support and defend the
Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and
domestic; That I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; That I
take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of
evasion, and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the
office on which I am about to enter.  So help me God."

A personal reason for resistance to a United Nations take-over lies in the
fact that my ancestors helped to establish in this bountiful land, 'the
best form of government ever devised by the hand of man'.

We must not relinquish the heritage of freedom so dearly won by the sweat
and blood of our forefathers.

                                             O

ADDENDUM

A.  In 1788 thirteen Sovereign Nation States joined in forming a federal
government with powers to perform certain functions enumerated in a
constitution and no others.  The Constitution of the United States thus
formed was and remains today a contract between Sovereign States acting at
their highest sovereign capacity, with the federal government created by
the States under contract to perform limited functions.

     If any State, as a contracting party, finds that the contract is being
violated, that State must take action to bring about correction.  No court,
not even the Supreme Court, has any jurisdiction in such case.  Only a
Sovereign State can make correction.  This is the situation described by
eminent constitutional authorities.

B.  Roberts wrote and directed the 24th Infantry Division "Pro Blue" troop
information program in Germany (1959), central issue in the 1962 Senate
'military muzzling' investigation (Military Cold War Education and Speech
Review Policies, Senate Committee on Armed Services, 4-13 April 1962).

C.  Roberts is a successful litigant (1962-1965) in a precedent-setting
lawsuit against Secretary of the Army Cyrus R Vance, involving freedom of
speech of military personnel:  United States District Court for the
District of Columbia, Civil Action No. 2106-62, 12 May 1965.  Archibald E
Roberts, Appellant v. Stanley R Resor, Secretary of the Army (successor in
office to Cyrus R Vance), David E McGiffert, Under Secretary of the Army
(successor in office to Stephen Ailes), Major General Kenneth G Wickham, US
Army, The Adjutant General, United States Army (successor in office to
Major General Joe C Lambert), Appellees.

For application of the remedy send self-addressed, stamped #10 envelope
(ask for "The Republic: Decline and Future Promise")

Archibald E Roberts, LtCol, AUS, ret, Director
Committee to Restore the Constitution, Inc
Post Office Box 986   Fort Collins  CO   80522








