Prophe-Zine #4

Credits
         Statement of Faith
                        & Other Information


Editor/Publisher:
Raymond B. Gano

Contributors  & their articles:

Raymond Gano.........	Welcome to issue #4
Raymond Gano........	Gog & Magog...war before Daniel 70 week period?
Patti Lalonde...........	Waking Up the Russian Bear
Keith Green .............	WHY IS COMMUNISM SWEEPING THE WORLD?
Gospel Tract Sociaty..	THE MIDDLE-EAST IN BIBLE PROPHECY
Russian News Bites...	This Week In Bible Prophecy and other sources
Grant Jeffrey.......		LIVING IN THE SHADOW OF THE SECOND COMING
Texe Marrs.............		Beast-like '666' Laws Forced on American Citizens
Dr. Greg L. Bahnsen........	Postmillennialism
Prophe-Zine News Bites..	Assorted sources and contributing authors
Cool Resources for Christians.......Web sites, Books, Magazines, ect.


Special thanks: This month I would like to thank special guest Dr. Greg
Bahnsen for his contibution to Prophe-Zine. I would also like to thank
those at This Week In Bible Prohecy. Your ministry is reaching millions and
I love your web site.

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine  will be published (up loaded), on
the 15th of each month.

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine


Statement of Faith


THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in

 Matthew 28:19:
                          "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

In His service,

Ray Gano


The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine

Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1995 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Certain products, titles, and services mentioned are trademarks of their
respective owners. Apple, Mac, and Macintosh are registered trademarks of
Apple Computer, Inc. Prophe-Zine is not affiliated in any way with Apple
Computer, Inc.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from
the author.  It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial
purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, MacDraw Pro, Color-It, JPEGview, Popcorn, OnLine Bible
KJV 2.1, plus any other freeware that I can get my hands on to fill up the
hard drive and use up even MORE RAM (needs 8 more megs, those graphics are
killing me)

OOPS.... I Forgot

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine  articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

*****************************************
Welcome to Issue #4

Well I have changed my format on the request of many readers out there. I
am no longer using DOCMaker because it takes to long for many of my readers
to download. SO what I am going to do is publish in a text format. That way
everyone can read Prophe-Zine. When I come across some cool pictures I will
include them. I came across a picture of Lord Maitreya. If you want it,
drop me a note. I wrote about him in the March issue.

In issue #4 we are going to be dealing mainly with Russia, Gog & Magog,
and the middle east. Special guest authors are Patti Lalonde of This Week
In Bible Prophecy, Texe Marrs, and Grant Jefferys. I hope that you enjoy
this issue. Please write me if you have any comments, questions or would
like to be on the writing staff of Prophe-Zine. I hope that the Lord
blesses you and your families. Please help me out and pass Prophe-Zine on
to other service providers such as CompuServe and Prodigy and to your local
BBS's.

In His service,
Ray Gano
Raymond673@aol.com
ray673@best.com
gano@eworld.com

*********************************************

Gog & Magog.......... war before Daniel 70 week period?


Why do I think that Gog & Magog is before Daniel 70 week period?

Basically there are 3 scenarios.

Will the war take place...

1. Before Daniel's 70th week and before the 7 year treaty with the Anti
Christ with Israel.

2.  During the 7 year period.

3. At the end of the 7 year period as part of the battle of Armageddon.

I  think that 2 & 3 are unlikely. Why?  Because both 2&3 make Russia, and
the Arab nations attack Israel during the time when the AC is reigning as
the false messiah and he is committed by his Covenant (see Daniel 9:27) to
defend Israel against her enemies. Ezekiel 38 & 39 goes into great detail
about the war. It does not mention the Antichrist, the Revived Roman Empire
or its armies, the treaty with the Jews, or the Jews expectations that the
AC will protect them ( as will be during the Trib) I find it hard to that
Ezekiel goes into detail and does not mention the Antichrist. Heck he is
one of the main players in the game.

All the details of the battle of Armageddon described in Joel 2, Zechariah
12-14, an in Revelations, differ in the methods, weapons, armaments,
participants.  The ultimate outcome of the battle of Magog says that it
will take 7 months for Israel to bury the dead in order to cleans the land,
They will also be burning the weapons and shields, bucklers, bows, arrows,
javelins, and spears for seven years for fuel. (Ezekiel 39:12) Why would
Christ allow this to happen during his Millennial rule, which starts after
he wins the battle of Armageddon? Why let His chosen people use weapons for
fuel and have to take 7 months to bury the dead?  He could just speak this
devastation into non existence and make wrong into right.

Here is another scenario, Is it possible that * the people who are with
you* indicates that Russia will attack Israel under a UN resolution and a
UN Flag? Look at who is in control of the UN. Basically it is Islamic
countries. Most of the UN is Islamic. Also something that is not talked
about very much in the news is...water. the middle east is projected to
have 12 more years of water. Syria, Palestine, Jordan, Israel all have
MAJOR water problems. Will the next war be fought over water instead of
oil?

Your thoughts or comments.

In His service,

Ray
ray673@best.com

********************************************************


Waking Up the Russian Bear

by Patti Lalonde

  With the end of the Cold War the world hoped that we were finally on the
verge of a new worldorder. Indeed, international cooperation against
Saddam Hussein seemed to suggest that the world could work together to end
any threat to peace and prosperity. But in reality the world is perhaps
even more unstable now than it was when the two main world enemies were
capitalist America and the communist Soviet Union.

  While the Cold War is over, there still remains a fundamental difference
between the goals of America and Russia that hinder world peace. And these
fundamental differences are often reflected in the numerous ethnic wars,
such as in the former Yugoslavia, that have surfaced with the fall of the
Berlin Wall.

  Matthew 24:6-7 warns, "And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars:
see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but
the end is not yet.

  "For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom and against kingdom:"
and so forth. The word nation originates from "ethnos", a Greek word
meaning tribe or race. Indeed, all the ethnic wars that have escalated in
the post-communist world are a part of Bible prophecy.


Chechnya: A Prophetic Fulfillment of Tribalism

  The recent conflict between Russia and Chechnya is part of this trend in
tribalism and a fulfillment of Bible prophecy. In fact, a N.Y. Times News
Service article noted, "the Chechens are known for strong loyalties to
family and taip, or clan, which have produced both a sharp sense of
personal honor and long-lasting blood feuds."

  There is a long history, dating back to 1817, between the Muslim
Chechens and Imperialist Russians, none of it good. In more recent history,
trouble began to erupt in 1991. In October of that year, Chechen President
Dzhokhar Dudayev had won the backing of 80 percent of the electorate in
presidential polls and unilaterally declared the independence of Chechnya.

  In November of 1991 Russian President Boris Yeltsin declared a state of
emergency and launched an attack against Grozny, the capital of Chechnya.
Yeltsin's troops were blockaded and forced to retreat after three days. The
Russian Parliament overruled Yeltsin's declaration. After that Chechnya was
pretty much allowed to go its own way, although its claim to independence
was ignored.

  But in early 1994 things began to escalate again between Chechnya and
Russia. And on Dec. 11, 1994 word came that Russian troops were launching
an attack against the "rebel" region. Again, however, Yeltsin has met with
the fierce stubbornness of Chechens who are not interested in living under
Russian rule.

  Fears were, of course, that the situation could escalate and spill over
into surrounding regions of the Caucasus. There are 50 ethnic groups in
Caucasia.

  Already there has been some spillover with Ingushis and citizens of
Dagestan, two ethnic groups close to the Chechens, coming to their defense.

Mutiny

  In many ways Russia today is like a ship navigating through uncharted
waters. The constant struggle between reformers and right-wing fanatics
leaves the captain in potential danger of mutiny. And the attack against
Chechnya has left many Russians divided against their captain. Just after
sending troops off to the largest Russian military operation since the
invasion of Afghanistan in 1979, President Yeltsin addressed the nation on
the "rebel" region of Chechnya. In his speech he noted, "The government's
actions have been prompted by the threat to the integrity of Russia, to the
safety of its citizens both in Chechnya and beyond its borders, and by the
possibility of destabilising the political and economic situation...

  "Normalising life in Chechnya will require constructive cooperation
between all branches of power and responsible political forces of Russia,
balanced and accurate assessments...

  "The government has been instructed to act in conformity with the
constitution and the laws of the Russian Federation and according to the
situation. As President I will see to it that the constitution and the laws
are observed. I order all officials charged with the responsibility of
restoring constitutional order in the Chechen republic not to use violence
against civilians and to take them under protection...

  "Soldiers of Russia. You should know that while carrying out your duty
and defending the integrity of our country and the calm of its citizens,
you are under the protection of the Russian state, its constitutions and
laws."

  Some Russian citizens, however, apparently beg-to-differ with Yeltsin on
the constitutionality of his actions. According to a report by Geoffrey
York of The Globe & Mail's Moscow Bureau (Dec. 17, 1994), "Russia's
invasion of the Chechen republic ground to a halt yesterday, mired in
military mutinies and deteriorating morale.

  "As Moscow considered a new strategy for peace negotiations, a growing
number of Russian officers openly criticized the six- day-old invasion of
the breakaway Muslim republic in the volatile Caucasus region in Southern
Russia.

  "In another blow to Moscow, a top general said his armoured unit would
refuse to advance on the Chechen capital, Grozny.

  General Ivan Babichev told a crowd of Chechen civilians that the Russian
invasion is unconstitutional and is opposed by the Russian soldiers
themselves. 'We did not want this,' Gen. Babichev told the Chechens,
according to a television crew at a village west of Grozny.

  "'We are not going to use tanks against the people,' the general was
quoted as saying. 'We are not going any further. It is forbidden to use the
army against peaceful civilians. It is forbidden to shoot at the
people.'...

  "Opinion polls have found that the invasion is overwhelmingly unpopular
among the Russian people. An association of parents of Russian soldiers
yesterday appealed to Mr. Yeltsin to solve the crisis peacefully and to
refrain from attacking Grozny."

  Indeed the invasion of Chechnya is a chilling reminder for many Russians
of the war in Afghanistan. Especially in light of the Chechen threat to
send Russian soldiers home in body bags.

Beware the Sleeping Bear

  Some are viewing Yeltsin's actions as imperialistic and there have been
calls for his impeachment or resignation from both communists and
democrats. Interestingly, prior to the news of the Chechen invasion, there
were already subtle warnings that Yeltsin should be viewed carefully.
According to a U.S. News & World Report article (Nov. 7, 1994), "Boris
Yeltsin is building himself a palace. The Kremlin's 200-year-old Senate
Building, where Yeltsin and many of his predecessors had their offices, is
being converted into a lavish presidential residence...opponents, and some
supporters of the president, see it as one more sign that Yeltsin is
becoming imperial, isolated from ordinary Russian life and dependent on a
few trusted aides...

  "Vladimir Lukin, a former Russian ambassador to Washington and member of
the democratic opposition parliament, says the 63- year-old Yeltsin is
beginning to resemble a doddering Leonid Brezhnev at the twilight of his
career. Russians might view a Brezhnev-esque figure with less concern if
their country were still a stagnant Communist bureaucracy--or already a
stable democracy. It's neither. Russia is navigating an uncharted passage,
and a steady hand is needed on the rudder...

  "Some observers think Yeltsin is being underestimated. 'He reminds me of
Czar Ivan the Terrible, who pretended to be dead, then opened his eyes
and--zzzttt--lopped off the heads of the boyars who had already started
celebrating,' said Alexander Smolensky, president of Stolichny Bank, one of
Russia's richest private companies. 'It's only an illusion among the public
that the president is an idiot who sees nothing, hears nothing.'"

  With regards to the invasion of Chechnya, similar warnings of
imperialism are also being presented. According to Olivia Ward of The
Toronto Star's Moscow Bureau (Dec. 20, 1994), "As Russian troops edged
within 10 kilometres of the breakaway Chechen capital Grozny, the president
of neighboring Ingushetia warned that Moscow is plunging into a new Dark
Age.

  "'We believe these actions are the first sign we're sliding toward authoritarianism,' Ruslan Aushev told The Star yesterday.

  "'If this state is unable to solve controversy by law, but only through
the use of brute force, it is doomed.'

  "As he spoke, Russian warplanes dropped new bombs on Grozny, 70
kilometres away, knocking out its water-pumping station and television
tower...

  "'The international community must not allow bloodshed and the use of
force against a peaceful population,' Aushev said.

  "'They must not allow Russia to slide toward dictatorship and
totalitarianism, because people will not endure another dictatorship.'"

Russia and The International Community

  Indeed, Aushev warned that an imposed government from Moscow will only
end in bloodshed. And he called on the European Union or the United Nations
to send in observers "to see what ishappening in reality" in the northern
Caucasus region.

  Aushev's pleas might as well fall on deaf ears, however, as it seems
Moscow and Washington have a silent pact to stay out of each others
backyards. And given Russia's recent backlash against NATO for its attacks
on Bosnian Serbs, and for its open intentions to allow eastern European
nations to join the alliance down the road, it is unlikely that Yeltsin
would allow outside intervention in his own backyard. Referring to plans
for NATO expansion, The Globe & Mail's Paul Koring noted (Dec. 17, 1994)
that it "might also destabilize the new geopolitical reality that
essentially concedes to the big powers the right to relative freedom of
action in their own neighbourhoods (known in Russia as the 'near-abroad').

  "Washington and Moscow appear to have accepted an unspoken but mutually
convenient policy. 'There seems to be almost explicit trade-offs, say,
Georgia and Haiti...you stay out of my near-abroad and I'll stay out of
your near-abroad,' says Lawrence Freedman, professor of War Studies at
King's College in London.

  "Listen to the almost total silence from Moscow as President Clinton
sends Marines into Haiti and turns the screws on Fidel Castro, for decades
Moscow's darling in the Caribbean.

  "Hear the polite murmurings from Washington when President Yeltsin, in
the largest Russian military operation since the 1979 invasion of
Afghanistan, sends troops, tanks and helicopter gunships blasting into
Chechnya."

The Trans-Atlantic Rift

  In spite of this "unspoken but mutually convenient policy" between
Moscow and Washington, there is no question that Washington has miffed
Moscow in its dealings with NATO and its treatment of Bosnian Serbs.
Washington has also miffed some of its allies in Europe who were opposed to
NATO airstrikes against the Serbs. An apparent trans-Atlantic rift of the
alliance seems to be developing. And as Professor Freedman warned, this is
creating a dangerous situation in Europe. "At some point," warns
Freedman, "the West European near-abroad runs into the Russian
near-abroad. The worst thing that can happen in Europe is the fragmentation
of long-established alliances and the formation of new ones. That is what
caused wars in the past."

  Of the developing rift Betty Lynn writes ("NATO and the American retreat
from Europe"; The Christian World Report; Feb. 1995), "By attempting to
orchestrate a quiet retreat from Europe without destabilizing it, the
Clinton Administration has both driven a wedge into the heart of the
western alliance and strained the East-West relationship to the worst point
since the Cold War. Whoops!

  "The lesson to be learned here was:

  "Never show off to your friends by whacking a sleeping bear on the nose.

  "Unfortunately, this lesson has been learned the hard way. The Russian
bear is awake and neither he nor our friends are happy

  "'...public wrangling and official concern about Europe's future
reflects a growing mood among European, ex-Yugoslav and Russian leaders
that U.S. involvement in Europe has started seriously eroding, according to
American and European officials. While rejecting suggestions of a vacuum of
American power, a U.S. policy maker conceded this week that the perception
of a U.S. retreat has, momentarily at least, worsened the outlook in
Bosnia, stiffened resistance to changing NATO and highlighted mistrust
among Western leaders...Now, the Europeans see thespecter of Russian
assertiveness in Bosnia, with Moscow's first Security Council veto on the
issue, a vote that suggests the approaching end of U.S. ability to extract
whatever it needs from President Boris N. Yeltsin. 'The question is whether
tougher noises from Russia will scare the allies into closing ranks or
whether we will stumble into something worse, in Moscow and in our own
countries,' a European official at NATO said.''[International Herald
Tribune; Dec. 7, 1994; emphasis added]

  "However, crisis begets action. From a prophetic viewpoint, the bumbling
of the Clinton Administration may hasten the coalescence of a unified
Europe. The European leaders and bureaucrats are a contentious lot. Faced
with a credible Russian threat, they may quickly resolve their differences
and get on with the business of reviving the Roman Empire. But perhaps
there is more than bumbling afoot. It seems an integrated Europe is a
vision President Clinton holds dear.

  "' 'In the 20th century, conflict and distrust have ruled Europe,'
[Clinton said]. 'The steps we are taking today will help to ensure that in
the 21st century, peace and prosperity reign.'

... 'We need to increase the security of all, to erase the old lines
without drawing new ones, to bolster emerging democracies and to integrate
the nations of Europe into a continent where democracy and free markets
know no borders, but where every nation's borders are secure,' Clinton
said.' [Reuter; Dec. 5, 1994; emphasis added]

  "It seems that Christians who are awaiting the Lord's return are not the
only ones suspicious of those who cry peace when there is no peace."

  Indeed, the Bible says when they shall say peace and safety, sudden
destruction will come. Keeping this in mind, the world should have taken
note when Boris Yeltsin "presented leaders from East and West with a
chilling scenario of Europe 'in danger of plunging into a cold peace.' Just
in case anyone wasn't paying attention at the 53-nation Conference on
Security and Co-operation in Europe, he sent Russian warplanes screaming
down on secessionist Grozny.

  "The message from both the gunships and the President was the same:
Russia is a great nation with interests that cannot and will not be
subordinated to Western goals.

  "Barely five years after Mikhail Gorbachev allowed the Berlin Wall to be
torn down, the realities of economic pain, resurgent nationalism and
old-fashioned big-power interests are reshaping the new Europe. The Yeltsin
warning of a cold peace stands in stark contradiction to Mr. Gorbachev's
emancipatory vision of 'a common European home stretching from the Atlantic
to the Urals.'" (The Globe & Mail; Dec. 17, 1994)

  Indeed, tribal conflicts, such as the one now taking place between
Russia and Chechnya, are starting to spin out of control. This leaves the
post-Cold War world much more volatile than it was before. During the Cold
War, allies and enemies were clearly defined. In today's new world order,
the lines of distinction are murkier, making intervention in trouble spots
much riskier. No one wants to step on the wrong toes, thereby, creating a
"cold peace". But indeed a cold peace seems to be what is developing. will
not be subordinated to Western goals.

  "Barely five years after Mikhail Gorbachev allowed the Berlin Wall to be
torn down, the realities of economic pain, resurgent nationalism and
old-fashioned big-power interests are reshaping the new Europe. The Yeltsin
warning of a cold peace stands in stark contradiction to Mr. Gorbachev's
emancipatory vision of 'a common European home stretching from the Atlantic
to the Urals.'" (The Globe & Mail; Dec. 17, 1994)

  Indeed, tribal conflicts, such as the one now taking place between
Russia and Chechnya, are starting to spin out of control. This leaves the
post-Cold War world much more volatile than it was before. During the Cold
War, allies and enemies were clearly defined. In today's new world order,
the lines of distinction are murkier, making intervention in trouble spots
much riskier. No one wants to step on the wrong toes, thereby, creating a
"cold peace". But indeed a cold peace seems to be what is developing. The
world is like a volcano waiting to erupt. And it is a world in preparation
for the acceptance of the false prince of peace, the one known as the
Antichrist.


**********************************************

          C O M M U N I S M   V S .   C H R I S T I A N I T Y

                  WHY IS COMMUNISM SWEEPING THE WORLD?
                             -by Keith Green

"These men who have upset the world have come here also!." (Acts 17:6)

When Jesus gave His final instructions to the disciples before He ascended
to the Father, He made it clear that they had a job of mammoth proportions
to accomplish.

"And you shall be my witnesses both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea and
Samaria, and even to the remotest part of the earth." (Acts 1:8)

This was the first time the disciples were instructed to look beyond their
little country. In fact, Jesus had commanded them on previous missionary
journeys to "not go in the way of the Gentiles (people who were not Jews)
and  do not enter any city of the Samaritans; but rather go to the lost
sheep of the house of Israel." (Matt. 10:5-6)  All of a sudden their eyes
were opened, their vision expanded, all prejudice, bigotry, nationalism and
cultural bounds had to snap at Jesus' words "Samaria and the remotest part
of the earth".  No self-respecting Jew would even step on Samaritan soil,
let alone speak to one; and "the remotest parts of the earth" would mean
preaching to the heathen Gentiles! "Surely", they must have thought, "He
means we should preach to the scattered Jews in foreign lands!"  It's
almost funny, as you continue reading Acts, how one by one, God proved to
each disciple that He meant just what He said..."I have placed you as a
light for the Gentiles, that you should bring salvation to the ends of the
earth." (Acts 13:47)

                        A   G R E A T   V O I D

There's a great emptiness in the world, and in the hearts of all men. This
is the void that Jesus is meant to fill, in every nation as King, and in
every  man's heart as Lord. If the void remains, then men and nations will
seek  desperately to fill it with something else that will fulfill them.
Satan is always willing and ready to provide an alternate, a counterfeit
peace. The greatest danger about a counterfeit is that it looks just like
the real thing, but has no value whatsoever. Christianity swept the world
in the first century A.D. It is the force of truth that was meant to answer
and quench the thirst in all mankind for a reason and purpose to life. The
thing that made the good news so believable to those who heard it at that
time was not the message itself... but the messengers! Charles Finney once
wrote "Christians themselves are the greatest reason for accepting Christ.
But they are also the greatest excuse for rejecting Him." What made the
early Christians so convincing? What was it that made 3,000 people convert
in one day and be baptized in a city hostile to the Gospel... (Acts 2:41)
It was their commitment. It was their life-style. It was the Holy Spirit
breathing the life and image of Jesus into a people who literally had left
everything, were willing to sufferanything, and were ready to give all they
had (possessions,, time, even blood) to anyone to prove that their message
was the only truth that could save men's souls
from eternal suffering!

                COMMUNISTS' ZEAL SURPASSING CHRISTIANS'

It is this same commitment, this same willingness to leave everything and
anyone for the "cause," the "people," and the "Party"-this same desire to
"save" the whole world from suffering injustice and social evils, that are
causing individuals, nations, and even whole continents to turn to a
godless counterfeit-one that promises to unite the world for the common
good and establish a "world-order" that will end all oppression of the
"common people." Again, it isn't really the message, but the messengers who
are convincing the masses. And it puts us as Christians to shame! Many
Christians felt strongly rebuked when Billy Graham first read the following
letter, written by an American college student who had been converted to
Communism in Mexico. The purpose of the letter was to explain to his fiance
why he must bread off their engagement: "We Communists have a high casualty
rate. We're the ones who get slandered and ridiculed and fired from our
jobs and in every other way made as uncomfortable as possible. A certain
percentage of us get killed or imprisoned. We live in virtual poverty. We
turn back to the Party every penny we make above what is absolutely
necessary to keep us alive. We Communists don't have time or the money for
many movies or concerts or T-bone steaks or decent homes and new cars.
We've been described as fanatics. We are fanatics! Our lives are dominated
by one great overshadowing factor, the struggle for World Communism. "We
Communists have a philosophy of life which no amount of money could buy. We
have a cause to fight for, a definite purpose in life. We subordinate our
petty, personal selves into a great movement of humanity. And if our
personal lives seem hard or our egos appear to suffer through subordination
to the Party, then we are adequately compensated by the fact that each of
us in his small way is contributing to something new and true and better
for mankind. The Communist cause is my life, my business, my religion, my
hobby, my sweetheart, my wife and mistress, my bread and meat. I work at it
in the daytime and dream of it at night. Its hold on me grows, not lessens,
as time goes on. Therefore, I cannot carry on a friendship, a love affair,
or even a conversation without relating it to this force which both guides
and drives my life. I evaluate people, books, ideas and actions according
to how they affect the Communist cause and by their attitude toward it.
I've already been in jail because of my ideas, and if necessary, I'm ready
to go before a firing squad." If Communists can be a devoted as this, how
much more should Christians pour themselves out in intense devotion for
their glorious Lord?

                  THE WORLD BELONGS TO THE DISCIPLINED

One of the most alarming disclosures coming out of the Communist world is
that of the rugged training and discipline they are putting their youth
through. In contrast, there has never before been such a mass pilgrimage to
the altar of leisure in our country. At the end of the rainbow for every
American is relaxation and recreation. The Western world loves to play.
Americans  average  over eight hours a day of television per household (and
with an average like that you can bet many households watch much more)! In
the 1920's, inter-collegiate debating drew large crowds. Now the debates
are held in side rooms while crowds cheer at the basketball game. It takes
discipline to learn a new art, or science, or skill; it takes no discipline
to watch football or a wrestling match. The point must be made that the
shift of excited, popular interest from debates to sports is a sign of
cultural decline. As someone once said, "It is either discipline or
decadence." And the Church has not escaped. Never has there been such an
interest in sports among "the saints." I've heard much more talk and
excitement about the national ratings of college teams among Christians in
churches and Sunday schools, than about how to conquer the land for God. As
an almost unbelievable example, I recently heard about one large church in
Texas who during the Superbowl (when the Dallas Cowboys were playing)
feared that the Sunday evening service (not to mention the offering)  would
be poorly attended. So the pastor and elders came up with a wonderful idea!
They brought a large-screen video projection system into the sanctuary and
proceeded to "entertain" the parishioners with a nice, American, Christian
display of "knockin' and hittin' 'em for Christ!" This might be a blatant
example, but the spirit of "fun in the Son" is threatening to destroy what
little hope we have left to avoid judgement, by having true cross-embracing
revival. "For it is time for judgement to begin with the household of
God... and if it is with difficulty that the righteous is saved, what will
become of the godless man and the sinner?" (I Peter 4:17-18) Communist
Lenin once said: "With a handful of dedicated people who will give me their
lives, I will control the world." This must have sounded like quite a rash
statement to those who first heard it, but it did not prove an empty boast.
In 1903, this one man, with 17 followers, began his attack on the world. By
1918, the number had increased to 40,000, and with that 40,000 he gained
control of the 160 million people of Russia. And the movement has gone on
and now controls over one-third of the population of the world. With this
in mind, consider the warning of the American President, Theodore
Roosevelt: "The things that will destroy America are prosperity at any
price, peace at any price, safety first instead of duty first, the love of
soft living, and the get-rich quick theory of life."

                            THE ARMY OF GOD
                             (Eph. 6:10-18)

What's needed today is an army. A truly Christian force, armed to the
teeth with love and the power of God, completely trusting God to meet their
needs and lead them into battle and victory. I have heard reports from
missionaries visiting home that there is much division and contention
between missionaries on the field. The same doctrinal differences that
plague our denominations at home are bringing a bad name to our Lord in
other lands. "A house dividedagainst itself will not be able to stand."
(Mark 3:25) What are we to do? A world starving for the truth will not wait
for us to get our act together... it will pass us by and drink up the
newest, nicest sounding philosophy or religion to come along. Mormons,
Jehovah's Witnesses and Moonies are not only making great gains in our
country, but also in foreign fields as well. They seem determined,
committed and willing to sacrifice all the usual comforts to spread their
"good tidings". Christians, by comparison, are lazy, apathetic, and
mesmerized by the same materialism that is choking the very life out of
both our nation and the whole of Western civilization.  Philosophically
speaking, what does the Western world really have to offer? When we're
talking about so-called third world countries in Africa and Asia, whether
the average yearly income per person is under $100, does the attraction of
a free enterprise system of capitalism really have any power? These small
bands of Communist "preachers" travel the countryside, sharing their vision
of a "one-world society" with an economy that equally "spreads the wealth"
to all. Does it surprise you that so many of the peasants are inspired to
join them?  They've seen multi-national oil and mineral companies come and
build large refineries and factories, while their own income hardly rises
at all. They've seen Western governments colonize their economies and
resources without raising the peasants' standard of living (and in some
cases even loweringit)! All these people have seen of Western culture and
democracy makes them suspicious and cynical. And how can you blame them?
Ask yourself this, is there any rhyme or reason to the philosophy behind
Western culture? At least the Communists hold out a promise-yes, I admit, a
very empty one-but still a promise. God has commanded the Church to "Go
into all the world and preach the Gospel to all creation"! (Mark 16:15) If
we were really doing our job and living the lives Jesus has commanded us,
then the people in these lands would have the truth of Jesus and His holy
promises to compare with these Marxist pipe-dreams.

                 IS COMMUNISM REALLY GOD'S WORST ENEMY?

"And you shall call His name Jesus, for He will save His people from their
sins." (Matt. 1:21) I want to be extremely careful not to be misunderstood.
I believe that Communism is a counterfeit that has its origins in hell. But
all the pulpit-pounding and the sermon-screaming we have heard in recent
years against the evils of Communism needs to be examined. Is God really as
concerned about systems as much as He is about sin? Do you really believe
in your heart that Communism breeds more sin than "the American dream"? Ask
yourself this: do you think there is more adultery in Russia than in
America? More fornication? More greed and lust? More stealing and murder?
How about pornography and drugs, corruption and deceit? See what I mean?
God is tremendously hurt, pained to His heart by the state of sin that the
Western world has now accepted and pronounced "socially normal".

Of course, there cannot be a "Christian Communist". You cannot condone a
system that denies the existence of God and share God's righteousness at
the same time. But which is worse? Someone who denies that God exists, and
acts accordingly? Or someone who believes there's a God and still lives a
lifethat totally denies Him? "For to whom much is given, much is required."
(Luke 12:48), and "He who knows the good, and does not do it, to him it is
sin." (James 4:17) What do you really think grieves God more? A land that
says "religion is the opiate of the masses", or a land whose money says "In
God We Trust", yet is full of sin, violence and immorality?

                          E Z E K I E L   1 6

Remember, God's grief with His people Israel was far greater than His
disappointment over Egypt or Babylon. He expected a land full of witchcraft
and idolatry to act wickedly and perversely; but His heart was broken when
He saw His bride, Israel, committing adulteries and harlotries with the
heathen and their idols. Remember, God's enemy is not Communism, God's
enemy is sin, and the current revival which is being reported in the Church
behind the Iron Curtain only shows that a godless system cannot keep God
from moving among His people. But as the Church of the Western world flirts
with the god of materialism, they will see no great move of God among them,
because their sin is much greater than the Communists' (whom they so
vocally love to hate).

In a land of freedom, where believers have never had a greater opportunity
to see the Lord's glory descend upon a nation, the cry of "Depart from Me,
I  never knew you!" awaits an unfaithful bride who loved her pleasures and
programs, who delighted in her fund-raising and building, more than the
holy pleasure of delivering Americia and its spoil to a mighty God, through
a true revival of prayer, repentance and holiness. (See Matt. 25:14-30).

The persecuted Church has little choice but to endure their tribulations
to  the end. (Matt. 24:14) But the fat, obnoxiously wealthy Church of our
land  "who has need of nothing" will be horrified when they see their
temples were built of wood, hay and stubble (1 Cor. 3:12-14), and their
gold, silver, and jewels (men's precious souls and the restored honor of
God) were left lying on the ground, ignored, never having been put into the
treasury of the Lord.

"So because you are lukewarm, and neither hot nor cold, I will spit you
out of my mouth. Because you say 'I am rich, and have become wealthy, and
have need of nothing and you do not know you are wretched and miserable and
poor and blind and naked..."  (Rev 3:16-17)

We are in grave danger of being judged as the Church in Laodicea.
Remember, there are two runners in the race - Revival and Judgement.  Let
us get on our knees and win!

You can order this tract of Last Days Ministries,

LAST DAYS MINISTRIES
BOX 40
LINDALE TEXAS
75771-0040


********************************************


               THE MIDDLE-EAST IN BIBLE PROPHECY

.    These are amazing days in which we are living.  Almost every week we
read  about some new developement in the Middle East, but the most amazing
thing is that all of these major developements are foretold in the Bible in
one manner or another.  Over half of the Bible is prophecy, and many of
these prophecies tell us the future of Israel, Egypt and the World.

.    Before you can understand these prophecies, you must know a little
about the history of the Israelites, and the promises of God to them.

     About 2,000 B.C., God called Abraham and told him to leave the city
of  Ur, his home town, and go on a journey to the north and west to another
country.  He told him in Genesis 12:1-3, that he would give him this new
country and from his descendants, He would possess this country.  God
fulfilled His promise and the Jews are the descendants of Isaac, Abrahams's
son by Sarai.  Many of the Arabs are the descendants of Ishmael,
Abrahams's son by Hagar, and Egyptian.  These two sons and their mothers
had quarrels and their descendants are still fighting today.

.    The Jews rejected Jesus.  When they crucified Him, they cried out, "His
blood be upon us and our children."  Forty years later, 70 A.D., Jerusalem
was destroyed by the Romans, and the Jesw were scattered into all the
world.  The rain began to fail and the land became a desert.  God's curse
fell upon the Jewish nation because they rejected Jesus Christ.  For 2,000
years they have been scattered over all the owrld.  God's Word tells us
that in the last days, that He will gather the Jews out of all the nations,
and will take away the curse from off the land and it will be fruitful
again.  We are now seeing this happen.  God is gathering them back because
their Messiah, Jesus Christ, is soon going to return to earth, and this
time they will accept Him as their King.  He will estasblish His throne in
Jerusalem and rule the world for 1,000 years of peace.

    ISAIAH 11:11-14

.    And it shall come to pass in that day, that the Lord shall set his
hand again the second time to recover the remnant of his people, which
shall be left from Assyria, and from Egypt, and from Pathros, and from
Cush, and from  Elam and from Shinar, and from Hamath, and from the islands
of the sea.  And he shall set up an ensign for the nations, and shall
assemble the outcasts of Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah
from the four corners of the earth.  The envy of Ephraim shall depart, and
the adversaries of Judah shall be cut off: Ephraim.  But they shallfly upon
the shoulders of the Philistines toward the west; they shall spoil them or
the east together: they shall lay their hand upon Edom and Moab; and the
children of Ammon shall obey them."

.    ISRAEL...The Jews have returned.  The adversaries are being cut off.
Has not God cut off Egypt, and made it hard for her to war against Israel
even in our day?  "They shall fly upon the shoulders of the Philistines to
the west."  One of the main ways the Jews have returned to Palestine is by
the airplanes of the nations of the west cooperating with the U.N.

.    God is now dealing wiht Israel.  Many wars and troubles have come and
are going to come upon them to get them in the place where they will be
willing and anxious to recieve their Messiah (Jesus Christ).

.    EGYPT...The prophecies in chapter 19 of Isiah and Ezekiel 29:13-15,
tell us that because Egypt persecuted the Israelites during the time of
Moses, a curse would be upon their land and their people and would no
longer be a great nation but a base people.  Egypt, under the Pharoahs was
the greatest nation in the world.  Since the curse came upon it, it has
become a base nation.

.    ISAIAH 19:22 "And the Lord shall smite Egypt: He shall smite and heal
it: and they shall return to the Lord, and He shall be intreated of them,
and shall heal them."

.    This prophecy is being fulfilled right today.  Egypt has smitten and
God has used the armies of Israel, France and England to do it.

.    The situation in the Middle East might clear up from time to time but
it will always start in again until God has brought all these things to
pass.

.    ARMAGEDDON...The last seven years of the "age" is known as the
Tribulation Period.  During this Tribulation period God will pour out great
judgements upon the world because of the sins and wickedness of men.  At
the  end of this Tribulation period there is to be a battle of armegeddon.
All the armies of the nations of the world will be gathered together in the
valley of Armagedo just north of Jerusalem.  They will be there to destroy
Isreal but Jesus Christ shall destroy all of these armies at His Coming and
that will be the Battle of Armageddon.  (Zech. 14, Isa. 13:1-18).

.    Already we see the armies gathering in that vinicinity.  We see the
stage being set for this great slaughter.  It will start with little wars
and grow and grow until there will be a great climax "Armageddon."

.    During this seven years Tribulation, a great King, known in Bible
prophecy as the AntiChrist, will rule ten nations.  He is to make a pact to
protect Israel seven years.  Dan. 9:27.  Israel certianly wants a protector
right now.

.    RUSSIA...In Ezekiel 38 and 39, the Bible prophesies that Russia will
come down to fight Israel in the last days and God will destroy the armise
of Russia before they reach Palestine proper.  Right now Russia would like
to come down on Palestine and get the Arabian oil.  Also, she might fight
against Isreal to help her friends, the Arabs.  All this will come to pass
soon.

.    ATOMIC WAR...The Bible prophecies the terrible destruction of the
last days in such a way that it describes what could be a world-wide atomic
war.  In Revelation 8:7-12 and 9:18, it tells us that one third of the
world will be burned over, and one third of the people killed.  Scientists
tell us this is exactly what would happen if we had a full scale atomic
war.  Also read Isaiah 2:17-21.  Here it describes the people of the world
digging into the rock and making holes and hiding in caves for protection
from the Judgement of the last days.  This is exactly what the countries of
the world are now doing.  They are putting factories and national security
installations underground.

.    THE RAPTURE...Did God let His people perish in the flood of Noah's
Day?  No, they were put in a place of protection before the judgement of
God came upon the world.  Did not God put His children, Lot and his family,
in a place of protection before He destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah with fire?
Jesus said this coming Tribulation would be the greatest judgement of God
upon the world and do you not see that God is going to take the children of
God to Heaven before this last judgement is poured out on the world?

.    LUKE 21:36 "Watch ye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be
accounted worth to escape all these things that shall come to pass, and to
stand before the Son of Man."

.    If you want to excape the things that are coming on the world, you
will have to be a born-again Christian.

.    1 THESSALONIANS 4:16,17 "For the Lord himself shall descend from
Heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and the trump of God:
and the dead in Christ shall rise first:  Then we which are alive, and
remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the
Lord in the air;and so shall we ever be with the Lord."

.    This advent is known as the rapture. All of the prophecies have been
fulfilled that have to be fulfilled before the rapture.  Jesus is coming
very soon.  Are you ready?  Is your heart right with God?  Friend, don"t
you want to be a Christian?  Don't you want to miss this great time of
tribulation and judgement that is coming upon the earth?

.    God is love.  He does not want you to suffer.  He does not want you
to go to Hell.  He gave His only begotten Son for you. Jesus shed His blood
for you so you can have your sins forgiven. The Holy Spirit is speaking to
your heart tight now trying to get you to turn from sin and turn to God.
All of this proves that God loves you and He does not want you to go to
Hell.

.    God will not tolerate sin.  You cannot go to Heaven if you are living
in sin.  The judgement of God comes upon all men because God is a just God
and God must punish sin.  If you will accept Jesus Christ as your Saviour,
then your account i settled with God because Jesus Christ suffered for your
sins at the Cross.  When you repent of your sins and accept Jesus Chrsit
into your heart, your sins will be forgiven and you will be happy because
the burden of sin, shame and guilt has been lifted from your soul.

Repent and accept Christ today.  Tomorrow may be too late....

    GOSPEL TRACT SOCIETY
    P.O.  BOX 1118
    INDEPENDENCE, MO.  64051

*******************************************

Russia News Bites

DEVELOPMENTS TO WATCH
+++++++++++++++++++++

* The Frankfurt-based Institute for Soviet Studies says that the Russian
armed forces are twice as large as the 2.3m officially under arms.
According to the German institute, which researches the strength of
individual Russian units, Moscow is building up its forces under the cover
of fighting crime.  The institute says that Russia now has 4.8m people
under arms.

The report from Frankfurt contradicts the annual report of the
International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) which most media
observers use as their reference book.  The IISS said in its report, The
Military Balance 1994-95, that the Russian forces, struggling
with major defence cuts, now numbered 1.7m and that most units were
operating at less than half strength.

The Soviet Union had 4.25m men under arms before it started making cuts in
1988.

The Frankfurt institute says that among the larger units are those under
the control of the defence ministry, with 2.57m men, the interior ministry
with 370,000, and the president's special mobile unit with 102,000.  It
estimates the border guard at 210,000, the counter-espionage services at
186,000, and the number of troops designated
for catastrophe response at 310,000.

Source: Intelligence Digest
        Intelligence International Ltd.
        The Stoneyhill Centre
        Brimpsfield, Gloucester, GL4 8LF, UK



Zhirinovsky Meets With Saddam Hussein
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

   On Feb. 27, 1995 Russian ultra-nationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky met
with Iraqi President Saddam Hussein. The reported goal of his visit to Iraq
was  to present his idea of forming a coalition between Arab Muslims and
Orthodox  Christians to fight their common enemy, the West. Zhirinovsky
told reporters for the Reuters news agency, "I want to prevent
confrontation between north  and south. North is Russia and south includes
the Arab and Moslem worlds.  We are friends. We are not enemies. Our
general enemy is the West."

   Following his meeting, Zhirinovsky did not confirm for reporters
whether  Hussein agreed to sign a document formalizing a Muslim/Orthodox
Christian  coalition against the West.

   Zhirinovsky also noted that he plans to campaign on Iraq's behalf for
the lifting of U.N. sanctions. He was planning to travel to India in March
and China  in April for this purpose.

   According to a Feb. 27 Reuters report, "He also said he was certain to
win the next presidential elections and would use his influence with 'the
Security Council, the Russian government, the president and foreign
minister  to help Iraq.'"


Egypt Moving Closer to Iraq
+++++++++++++++++++++++++

   The following was observed by Intelligence Digest [The Stoneyhill
Centre, Brimpsfield, Gloucester, GL48LF, UK]:

   "Egypt, seen by America as its most-important Arab ally, has signalled
its displeasure with Washington's policy towards Iraq through the editorial
columns of the semi-official al-Ahram.

   "The paper recently carried an editorial saying: 'This position by
Washington [refusing to lift sanctions against Iraq] raises questions about
its real motives and about the insistence on maintaining the sanctions
against Iraq as long as possible under the pretext that there are remnants
of weapons  of mass destruction [in Iraq] at a time when the Israeli
nuclear programme is  being protected and Washington is waging a huge
campaign to ensure that the  Israeli nuclear programme and delivery systems
are not tampered with.'

   "The Egyptian semi-official daily concludes: 'This requires a move by
the Arab states to bring Iraq back to Arab ranks and not to leave it
hostage to American calculations.'"



The Russian Empire Stirs Along Old Borders
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

   Besides its desire to win the war against Chechnya, other Russian
ambitions appear to include regaining control over the bulk of what used to
be  the former Soviet Union.

   Several Russian moves recently seem to back this suspicion. Included
among them is the recent treaty signed between Belarus and Russia. The
treaty  allows Russian troops to aid Belarus in patrolling borders shared
with Poland.

   In an effort to dispel fears that Russia is trying to gain control over
old  territory, President Boris Yeltsin told reporters, "There will be no
redrawing of  borders. That is a path leading nowhere."

   "Nevertheless," reports Claudia Rosette in The Wall Street Journal
(Feb.27, 1995), "it is a path Russia seems to be taking." Rosette explains:

   "Though the international borders separating the former Soviet states
have not been redrawn, those of at least six nations, Kazakhstan,
Kyrgyzstan,  Tajikistan, Georgia, Armenia and Belarus, are instead being
gradually rubbed  out. The resulting map of the Kremlin's reviving sphere
of influence, especially  its military reach, bears a growing likeness to
the silhouette of the former  Soviet Union...

   "Typical in Russia these days is the view of a 55-year-old Moscow bank
clerk, Galina Medvedeva, who hates communism but wants back what she
frankly calls the Russian empire because 'a strong Russia is good for
everybody.'

   "Playing to such sentiments, Mr. Yeltsin recently has been writing
treaties promoting the rebuilding of what nationalist politicians here call
'Greater Russia.'...

   "Rising friction recently between Russia and the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization also hints that a Russia integrated with its Soviet-era
dominions  could more easily become leader of a political bloc aloof from
and ultimately  hostile again to the West.

   "Increasingly picking up where their Soviet precursors left off,
Russian troops today guard or help control what Russia designates as the
'exterior'  borders of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan,
Armenia and  Georgia, and will soon be on the job in Belarus. At a CIS
summit earlier this  month, nine member countries agreed to construct a
common air defense that  military observers say would be managed by Russia,
because the other  countries do not have the resources. This follows a
bilateral treaty signed last  month between Russia and Kazakhstan to
partially integrate their armed  forces.

   "The loosely organized CIS has proven to be a vehicle for Russia's
renewed territorial ambitions. The original aim of the CIS when it was
founded  in 1991 was that it would function as an organization of
independent equals.  Instead, the CIS is evolving into a proxy for
Russia...

  "The head of the CIS affairs committee in the lower house of Russia's
parliament, Konstantin Zatulin, is more blunt. 'The center of CIS
activities is  definitely the Kremlin,' he says, adding that the 'internal
borders' now marking  off the newly independent states 'were never intended
to be real borders.'"




Gorbachev plans prestigious gathering of global elitists
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
   According to a news item which appeared in The San Francisco Chronicle,
former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev has invited a number of
prestigious global elitists to join him next fall for a gathering at the
Presidio- based offices of The Gorbachev Foundation. The purpose of the
meeting  according to the article, is "to discuss the state of the world"
and "new  directions" for the "future of the nation state."

   Former Senator Alan Cranstron was quoted as saying, "There appears to
be a great cynicism everywhere about government. And there's a yearning for
new directions." Cranston is now Chairman of The Gorbachev Foundation USA.

   The New American (March 6, 1995) has proposed, "This meeting may lead
to the creation of a long-term, Gorbachev-directed 'brain trust' which
would help guide the world's affairs. The 'Earth Charter,' which is
presently  being composed by Gorbachev and UN environmental guru Maurice
Strong,  may also be presented at the Presidio conference."

   Among the list of invited guests are included former US President
George  Bush; former UK Prime Minster Margaret Thatcher; Vaclav Havel,
President of  Czechoslovakia; former Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro
Nakasone; Anglican  Bishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa; media mogul Ted
Turner; Microsoft Chairman William Gates; US Speaker of the House Newt
Gingrich; and Alvin  Toffler, author of futurist books like Future Shock
and The Third Wave.


Polls show Russians displeased with Yeltsin
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

   According to a Reuter report on recent polls conducted in Russia, it
appears that Russian President Boris Yeltsin has little chance of winning
the  1996 presidential elections. In fact, more than 50 percent of those
polled by the  independent All-Russia Public Opinion Research Center said
Yeltsin should not  run in the 1996 elections, but should resign right now.
Sixty-three percent did  not want him to run for the presidential office.

   According to the polls, conducted in January and February, Yeltsin's
decline in popularity mainly resulted from the war with Chechnya.
Sixty-five  percent of those polled claimed he mishandled the situation.
Only 4 percent  approved of his actions.

   Furthermore, 57 percent said that Yeltsin was to blame for starting the
war, while only 26 percent said Chechnyan President Dzhokhar Dudayev was
to blame.

*********************************************

     LIVING IN THE SHADOW OF THE SECOND COMING

                            By Grant R. Jeffrey


You and I live in the most extraordinary generation since Jesus walked in
Jerusalem two thousand years ago. Since 1948 more prophecy have been
fulfilled than in all the generations leading up to our lifetime. When the
nation of Israel was reborn at midnight May 15, 1948 the prophetic clock
began ticking inexorably in the final countdown to Armageddon.

Israel's Covenant With Death

In the last few months the leaders of Israel and its deadly enemy, the
PLO, signed a peace treaty that promised an end of the deadly warfare that
has characterized the Middle East for four decades. Yasser Arafat and
Yitzhak Rabin took the first tentative steps towards a possible peace
treaty in the Middle East. Does this mean true peace is at hand?  Or, will
a false peace lead inevitably to the war prophesied by the ancient prophets
of Israel?

The Arab governments and the PLO now offer Israel "peace for land." But
what kind of "peace" are they offering? There are two concepts of "peace"
in the Arab language. One represents true peace such as we enjoy between
Canada and the U.S.A. where we genuinely wish our neighbors well. The other
concept of peace is more like "an armed truce." During the crusades the
leader of the defeated Muslim armies, Saladin, offered the English general,
Richard the LionHeart, a peace treaty. However, two years later, after
rebuilding his armies, Saladin broke his agreement and defeated the English
armies. In Yasser Arafat's speeches to Arab audiences, he explained that he
will offer Israel "the peace of Saladin." This proves that he is offering
Israel "an armed truce" rather than true peace. The PLO have not
relinquished their commitment to conquer all of the land of Israel. All
Palestinian groups uses emblems, flags and letterhead that contains maps
showing that all of Israel and the territories must be conquered from the
Jews.

The PLO have often declared that their long-term strategy is to eliminate
Israel in a plan called "liberation in phases." Since 1974 Yassir Arafat
decreed that during the first phase of his "Phases Plan" the PLO will
establish a beachhead in Gaza and the West Bank. In the second phase their
armies will take over Jerusalem. In the final phase, they will build up
their strength in Gaza and the West Bank to finally conquer all of Israel.
On Sept. 1, 1993 Arafat confirmed to an Arab audience that his peace accord
was part of his "Phases" plan.

During interviews many Arabs declare they will never be content until they
recover the entire land of Israel from the Jews. Arafat stated in 1980:
"Peace for us means the destruction of Israel." The Koran teaches that, if
a land was ever occupied in the past by Muslims, then it must be recovered
by Jihad, or holy war. Although Yasser Arafat has pledged to eliminate
references to the destruction of Israel from the Charter of the Palestine
Liberation Organization, it is significant that he has refused to call for
a conference to do so. Furthermore, most of his Arab allies refuse to
relinquish their goals to destroy the Jewish state.

The Coming War of Gog and Magog

However, the study of Bible prophecy provides some insight into the
ongoing peace negotiations. Thousands of years ago the prophet Ezekiel
(Chapter 38 & 39) predicted that a huge confederacy of Arab nations under
Russian leadership will join together to attack Israel after the Jewish
exiles have returned to their homeland. Despite massive changes in Russia
the hardliners in the KGB, the army and military-industrial complex are
trying to maintain their power. The prophet declared that a future military
leader of this alliance will say "I will go up against a land of unwalled
villages; I will go to a peaceful people, who dwell safely, all of them
dwelling without walls, and having neither bars nor gates."

For the last forty-five years Israel did not "dwell safely." Israel has
remained an armed camp for decades surrounded by two hundred million Arabs.
It is forced to spend more on defense than any other country. However, this
recent peace accord may create a false sense of security and safety over
the next few years that will allow Israel to relax its defenses and "dwell
safely." This peace agreement may set the stage for the fulfillment of the
great War of Gog and Magog prophesied by the prophet Ezekiel. This battle
will be won by God's spectacular intervention with supernatural earthquakes
and pestilence defeating the combined Russian and Arab armies. This
miraculous deliverance by the hand of God will motivate Israel to rebuild
the Third Temple and resume animal sacrifices as described by Daniel
9:24-27.

These awesome prophetic events will prepare the way for the fulfillment of
the prophecies of the rise of Antichrist and his signing of a seven-year
treaty with Israel. This will commence a sevenyear countdown to the return
of Christ and His saints at the Battle of Armageddon to establish His
millennial kingdom. These exciting events in the Middle East encourage us
as Christians to live in constant expectation of the glorious Rapture of
the Church to meet our Lord. Jesus said, "when these things begin to come
to pass, then look up, and lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth
nigh" (Luke 21:28). Yet we must live in a spiritual balance in these last
days. Although He may come today He may also delay His return for a
generation because our Lord "is long-suffering to us-ward, not willing that
any should perish, but that all should come to repentance"(2 Peter 3:9) We
must live and witness to those around us as though the Rapture will occur
tomorrow. Yet we must also plan and work as though we have a hundred years.
His command is that we "Occupy till 1 come"(Luke 19:13).

The Strategic Importance of Territory

Israel requires military control of the Golan Heights, Gaza and thc West
Bank in order to provide the strategic depth to defend itself against the
overwhelming military force of its Arab enemies. Every military study in
the last twenty five years has concluded that Israel cannot be defended by
conventional forces and weapons if it loses military control over these
vital territories. The U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff 192 study confirmed
Israel could not give up the Golan, Gaza or the West Bank and survive an
Arab invasion. Without the West Bank Israel will be less than nine miles
wide at its centre near Tel Aviv where almost eighty percent of its
population lives. In a future conflict enemy armies could cut Israel in two
parts by attacking from the PLO controlled high ground of Judea and Samaria
(WestBank). The Jewish state could be overrun in a matter of days.

In a future war Israel will be forced to resort to nuclear weapons when it
finds its small diminished territory about to be overcome by enemy armies.
The Israeli army calls this "the Samson Option" because it would destroy
the Middle East, just as Samson brought down the temple on his enemies.
Despite this grim reality the present Israeli government has agreed to
relinquish these strategic areas. For the first time since its creation in
1948 Israel's conventional army and air force will not be able to
successfully defend its vital territory and population from an armed
invasion.

Setting the Stage for a Treaty with Antichrist

The United Nations and the Arab states continue to call for the
elimination of Israel's nuclear weapons. The introduction of Iranian
nuclear weapons and the growing possibility of Libya, Syria and Iraq
joining the nuclear club has altered the strategic balance. It is difficult
to see how a balance of nuclear terror could continue for very long between
Israel and the Islamic states dedicated to its destruction. Plans to ban
nuclear weapons from the Middle East may tempt a future Israeli government
to agree to relinquish its nuclear option.

Israel realizes that an unstable Arab regime might be tempted to use their
atomic warheads even though it would result in mutual assured destruction.
In Islamic religious philosophy they would gain paradise if they died a
devastating war to cleanse the "infidels" from Jerusalem. In a few years
these events will set the stage for a superpower to guarantee Israel's
security and borders. Several prophecies describe the revival of the Roman
Empire in the end times to dominate Europe and the world as it did
thousands of years ago in the days of Christ. The rise of the European
Community is creating an economic and political superpower that is
increasing its involvement in the Middle East.

The prophet Daniel wrote that a future Antichrist will arise in the last
days to control the revived Roman Empire. Daniel predicted that "He shall
confirm a covenant with many for one week." This verse indicates that this
future European dictator will confirm a treaty to defend Israel for seven
years. The signing of this future treaty will start the final seven-year
countdown to Armageddon, the climactic battle when Jesus Christ will defeat
the armies of the world to establish His kingdom forever. This interim
peace agreement between the PLO and Israel may set the stage for the
fulfillment of these tremendous prophecies leading to Christ's return in
our generation.

While we rejoice at the prospects of a peace agreement in the Middle East
we need to recognize that the ancient prophets warned that a false peace
would set the stage for the momentous events that conclude with the Battle
of Armageddon. Jeremiah (6:14) warned that in the last days men would say
"Peace, peace! When there is no peace." Our world will not know real peace
until Jesus Christ, the Prince of Peace comes. In light of these facts it
will be some time before true peace will exist between Israel and the
Palestinians. According to the Bible, real peace will only come to the
Middle East when Jesus Christ, the Prince of Peace, changes the hearts of
both the Arabs and the Jews. Then both peoples will dwell as brothers in
true peace forever under the rule of their Messiah.


Used with permission of Grant Jeffrey. Based on his book "APOCALYPSE - The
Coming Judgment of the Nations" - Frontier Research publications Inc. Box
12, Station "U" Toronto, Ontario M8Z 5M4

**************************************************

"Beast-like '666' Laws Forced on American Citizens"
by Texe Marrs
Reprinted from _Flashpoint_ newsletter March 1995

"Here is wisdom.  Let him that hath understanding count the number of the
beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred
threescore and six" (Revelation 13:18).

     Is God now revealing to end-time Christians important clues about the
evil agenda of high officials in government?  That would seem to be what's
happening.  In fact, our Lord may just be providing His people prophetic
warnings by exposing occult numbers.

     Case in point: the Persian Gulf War conflict.  When Iraq's Saddan
Hussein invaded Kuwait, President George Bush sent U.S. troops off to war
under the authority of the United Nations.  This was to be aconflict, said
Bush, that would usher in the New World Order.  The UN's Security Council
quickly voted its approval of UN Resolutions 660 and 666, designed to carry
out the world body's goals in the Gulf.  (Keep those numbers in mind-660
and 666.)

HR 66-Treason by United Nations Conspirators

     Then, in 1991, Pennsylvania's wicked Republican Senator Arlen Specter
introduced a bill designed ultimately to force all U.S. citizens to come
under the authority of a UN-created International Criminal Court. For this
traitorous act, Senator Specter was heartily commended by the World
Federalist Association, a group that has long pushed for One World
Government (see World Federalist News magazine, Winter 1991, pg. 1).

     Republican Congressman Jim Leach introduced the same measure in the
House of Representatives, which officially designated the bill as -get
this- HR 66.  Leach just happens to be a political crony of current Hous
Speaker Newt Gingrich.  Moreover, he and colleague Arlen Specter are both
members in good standing of the U.S.A. sovereignty-hating Council on
Foreign Relations.

HR 6-Stealth Legislation That Bombed

    HR 6, yet another bit of antichrist legislation, was introduced in the
last session of Congress by a liberal democrat from California.  The bill
would have effectively outlawed all home schooling by patriotic Americans
and Christians.  Yet, the Republicans in Congress -supposedly our
protectors- raised not one word in protest.

     Thank God, just days before the vote some concerned Christians
discovered the hidden land mine in this legislation.  They called in and
alerted conservative talk shows, the word got out, and Congress received
almost instantly received a blizzard of faxes and phone calls.  The
chastened legislators, realizing their Big Brother scheme had been outed,
promptly deep-sixed the proposed HR 6.  But until the Christian
protest landslide, HR 6 had been considered a shoo-in to be approved.

HR 666-An Unconstitutional Measure

    More recently, the same network of anti-American legislators
slam-dunked through the House of Representatives HR 666.  It is advertised
by its sponsor, Representative Bill McCollum (Dem.-FL), as a bill "to
control crime."  But what it really does is control people!  If passed by
the Senate and signed into law by President Clinton, the Orwellian HR 666
will suspend the constitutional rights of Americans.  This monstrous,
new law allows federal and local law enforcement agencies -including the
Gestapo-like DEA, FBI, Fincen, etc. -to search and ransack people's homes
and property without a search warrant.

     Notweorthy is the fact that freshman Republican Representative Steve
Stockman of Texas and a few other courageous newcomers defied Congressional
titans Newt Gingrich, Jim Leach, and Richard Armey by voting "no" on HR
666.  Stockman, a dedicated Christian, also introduced legislation to undo
last year's gun control act, reverse President Clinton's $20 billion gift
to the bankers for Mexico, and repeal NAFTA and GATT.

     Congressman Stockman deserves our commendation.  He is a genuine
hero.  No doubt, he is despised by an angered Newt Gingrich, Bob Dole, and
the whole globalist crowd that now controls policy in our nation's capital.

Gingrich and Dole Have Lied to Us

    Whereas Stockman and a minority of Congress deserve applause, it
should be remembered that House Speaker Newt Gingrich (member of the World
Future Society) and Senate Majority Leader Robert Dole (a 33rd-degree
Mason) havelied to us.  In their highly vaunted "Contract With America,"
the legislators promised to repeal Clinton's unconstitutional Crime Act of
1993.  Instead, these Republican overlords are now unconscionably cramming
even tighter Big Brother measures -such as HR
666 -straight down our gullets.

     What's more, Gingrich and Dole have just sent word to the National
Rifle Association that Congress will not at this time seek to repeal the
onerous gun control provisions contained in the '93 act.  Moreover, I have
learned from a confidential source that if an insistent citizenry
successfully demands that the legislators act on such a bill, Gingrich and
Dole will privately encourage Clinton to veto it.  This is yet
another betrayal of conservative and populist voters.


Rush Limbaugh Used to Deceive Masses

    According to insiders, Gingrich and Dole are convinced that most
conservatives are stupid, ignorant and easily conned.  Therefore, they have
complete faith in talk show king Rush Limbaugh's ability to fool and
deceive the TV and radio masses.  Limbaugh is a creation of Knights of
Malta (Roman Catholic) magnate Paul Weyrich; liberal talk show host Phil
Donahue; Republican strategist Roger Ailes; and other establishment
sycophants and big-wigs.  Limbaugh is totally dependent on his handlers'
"generosity" in granting him access on national radio and TV.  Thus, he can
be expected to loyally parrot the bogus line that bills like HR 666 are
actually a fulfillment of the Republican "Contract With America!"

     Limbaugh is a brilliant man and a virtuoso entertainer.  Moreover, he
is on target much of the time in his attacks on liberals.  But the big
fella knows that he will be rewarded only so long as he tows the party
line.  Predictably, Limbaugh is under orders from superiors to ridicule,
scorn and poke fun at "conspiracy nuts," as he labels them,
who finger groups like the CFR and the Trilateral Commission.

     Rush Limbaugh's ditto heads (e.g. rabid fans) believe everything he
says.  Sadly, unlike the Christian readers of _Flashpoint_, few of Rush's
more fanatical fans possess Scriptual understanding.  They have no
conception whatever of the Bible's clear prophetic warnings of a global
conspiracy in the last days by the super rich against the common people
(see James 5).  And how many of Rush's avid fans understand even
one iota about the sinister meaning of the grotesque, occult number 666?

     That's why the 20 million conservatives who faithfully tune in to
Rush Limbaugh's radio and TV programs are easily duped.  They lack the
revelation knowledge so vital to understanding in these last days.

     The truth is that Gingrich, Dole, and Limbaugh cannot -and will not
-save us.  Instead, their assigned role is to cause us to imagine that
things will get better.  [Advertisement deleted].  Meanwhile, my friends, I
urge you to please remember the name of the One who does possess the power
to deliver you from the clutches of evildoers: Jesus Christ, our Lord and
our Savior.

========================================
(Editors note..I have enclosed the Bill Texe Marrs is speaking of so that
you can judge for yourself)

VERSION   House Bill Referred to a Senate Committee
CONGRESS  104th CONGRESS
1st Session
BILL  H. R. 666

TITLE
                           IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES
                     FEBRUARY 9 (LEGISLATIVE DAY, JANUARY 30), 1995
          Received; read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
                                  --------------------
                                      AN ACT
          To control crime by exclusionary rule reform.Be it enacted by
the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in
Congress assembled,

          SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.
            This Act may be cited as the `Exclusionary Rule Reform Act of
1995`.

          SEC. 2. ADMISSIBILITY OF CERTAIN EVIDENCE.
(a) In General  . - Chapter 223 of title 18, United States Code,
is amended by adding at the end the following:
`Sec. 3510. Admissibility of evidence obtained by search or seizure

`(a) Evidence Obtained by Objectively Reasonable Search or  Seizure  . -
Evidence which is obtained as a result of a search or seizure shall not be
excluded in a proceeding in a court of the United States on the ground that
the search or seizure was in violation of the fourth amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, if the search or seizure was carried out
in circumstances justifying an objectively reasonable belief that it was in
conformity with the fourth amendment.  The fact that evidence was
obtained pursuant to and within the scope of a warrant constitutes
prima facie evidence of the existence of such circumstances.

`(b) Evidence Not Excludable by Statute or Rule  . -
	`(1) Generally  . - Evidence shall not be excluded in a proceeding in a
court of the United States on the ground that it was obtained in violation
of a statute, an administrative rule or regulation, or a rule of procedure
unless exclusion is expressly authorized by statute or by a rule prescribed
by the Supreme Court  pursuant to statutory authority.

	(2) Special rule relating to objectively reasonable searches  and
seizures  . - Evidence which is otherwise excludable under paragraph (1)
shall not be excluded if the search or seizure was  carried out in
circumstances justifying an objectively reasonable belief that the search
or seizure was in conformity with the statute, administrative rule or
regulation, or rule of procedure, the violation of which occasioned its
being excludable.

`(c) Rules of Construction  . - This section shall not be construed to
require or authorize the exclusion of evidence in any  proceeding.  Nothing
in this section shall be construed so as to violate the fourth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United States.

`(d) Limitation. - This section shall not apply with respect to a search
or seizure carried out by, or under the authority of, the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.

`(e) Limitation. - This section shall not apply with respect to a  search
or seizure carried out by, or under the authority of, the Internal Revenue
Service.`.

(b) Clerical Amendment  . - The table of sections at the  beginning of
chapter 223 of title 18, United States Code, is  amended by adding at the
end the following: `3510. Admissibility of evidence obtained by search or
seizure.`.statute, administrative rule or regulation, or rule of procedure,
the violation of which occasioned its being excludable.


Attest:              ROBIN H. CARLE,
                         Clerk.
*************************************************
Postmillennialism

By Dr. Greg L. Bahnsen, scholar in residence

There is enough misunderstanding of evangelical, Bible-believing
postmillennialism abroad today that it would be worthwhile to make note of
the kind of constituative doctrinal convictions which have been setforth by
its representatives.

  1) Evangelical postmillennialists champion the
inspiration,infallibility, and sole doctrinal authority of the Bible.

  2) Evangelical postmillennialists believe that fallen man is totally
unable to do any saving good, cannot atone for his sins, and can become a
member of the kingdom of God only through the redemptive work of the Savior
and the regenerating work of the Holy Spirit.

  3) Evangelical postmillennialists teach the glorious, personal return of
Jesus Christ at the end of history to judge the world.

  4) Evangelical postmillennialists insist that at his _first_ advent
Jesus, the Son of God, came as the Messianic or Mediatorial King and
established His saving Kingdom among men on earth.  Citing Philippians 2,
Acts 2, Ephesians 1, Hebrews 1, and a host of other Biblical texts, William
Symington wrote these Words in his study, _Messiah the Prince,or, The
Mediatorial Dominion of Jesus Christ_: "Christ's appointment [tothe kingly
office] was still farther intimated by his _actual investiturewith regal
power at and after his resurrection_ ... Christ's appointment gives him righ
tful claim to the implicit and conscientious obedience of every moral
creature ...  This appointment affords ample security for the overthrow of
all Christ's enemies, and the ultimate establishment of his kingdom in the
world." David Brown could hardly be clearer:  "Christ's proper kingdom is
already in being; commencing formally on His    ascension to the right hand
of God, and continuing unchanged, both in  character and form, till the
final judgment."

  5) Evangelical postmillennialists are painfully aware that those who
belong to Christ -- the church -- are appointed to suffering in this world,
and will inevitably undergo persecution and affliction, in following their
Savior and King.  Listen again to Symington: "The members  of the church
have many enemies.  The devil, the world, and the flesh,  are in league
against them.  They wrestle not only against flesh and  blood, but against
principalities, against powers, against the rulers of darkness of this
world, against spiritual wickednesses in high places.They are required to
assume the character, equipments, and attitude of soldiers ... .  Satan,
the chief and leader of these enemies, exasperated at his overthrow, makes
a desperate effort to regain his lost dominion over them; and although he
cannot succeed, he does much to annoy such as have been rescued from his
grasp."

  Charles Hodge commented upon 2 Corinthians 4 that Paul there "compares
himself to a combatant, first hardly pressed, then hemmed in, then pursued,
then actually cast down.  This was not an occasional experience, but his
life was like that of Christ, an uninterrupted succession of indignities
and suffering ... .  We constantly illustrate in our person the sufferings
of Christ.  We are treated as he was treated; neglected, defamed, despised,
maltreated ... ."

  6) Evangelical postmillennialists believe that the gospel is to be
preached to all nations by the church prior to the second advent of Christ,
eventually bringing worldwide conversion, and that this is the church's
calling from God.  Charles Hodge taught: "The first great eventwhich is to
precede the second coming of Christ, is the universalproclamation of the
Gospel ... .  The conversion of the Gentile world is the work assigned the
Church under the present dispensation." B. B. Warfield argued that
"precisely what the risen Lord, who has been made head over all things for
his church, is doing through these years that stretch between his first and
second comings, is conquering the world to himself; and the world is to be
nothing less than a converted world ... .

  All conflict, then, will be over, the conquest of the world will
becomplete, before Jesus returns to earth."

  7) Evangelical postmillennialism maintains that the victorious advance
of Christ's kingdom in the world will take place in terms of the present,
peaceful and Spiritual power of the gospel rather than through a radically
different principle of operation, namely Christ's physical presence on
earth using violence to subdue opposition.  A. A. Hodge put it this way:
"The Scriptures, both Old and New Testament, clearly reveal that the gospel
is to exercise an influence over all branches of the human family,
immeasurably more extensive and more thoroughly transforming than any it
has ever realized in time past.  This end is to be gradually attained
through the spiritual presence of Christ in the ordinary dispensation of
Providence, and ministrations of the church." Charles Hodge insisted that
"There is no intimation in the New Testament that the work of converting
the world is to be effected by any other means than those now in use ... .
It is to dishounour [sic] the Gospel, and the power of the Holy Spirit, to
suppose that they are inadequate to the accomplishment of this work."

  8) Evangelical postmillennialism believes that with the power of the
Holy Spirit working through the church's preaching of the gospel, in
_gradual stages_ of growth, the _preponderance_ of men and nations will
submit to Christ at some time in the future.  B. B. Warfield drew this gener
alization: "the nature of the whole dispensation in which we are living,
and which stretches from the First to the Second Advent, [is] a period of
advancing conquest on the part of Christ ... .  The prophecy [of Romans 11]
promises the universal Christianization of the world." Elsewhere he wrote:
"If you wish, as you lift your eyes to the far horizon of the future, to
see looming on the edge of time the glory of a saved world, you can find
warrant for so great a vision only in the high principles that it is God
and God alone who saves men, that all their salvation is from him, and that
_in his own good time and way he will bring the world in its entirety to
the feet of him_ whom he has not hesitated to present to our adoring love
not merely as Savior of our souls, but as _the Savior of the world_ ... .
The redemption of the world is similarly a process.  It, too, has stages;
it, too, advances only gradually to its completion ... ."

  9) Evangelical postmillennialists do not hold that each and every
individual on earth will someday be saved, but that at some future time the
vast majority will; in Christ's wheat field there will always be found some
tares, up until the final harvest in judgement.  Charles Hodge taught that
"it is not to be inferred from this [Biblical promise of Gentile and Jewish
conversion] that either all the heathen or all the Jews are to become true
Christians.  In many cases the conversion may be merely nominal.  There
will probably enough remain unchanged in heart to be the germ of that
persecuting power which shall bring about those days of tribulation which
the Bible seems to teach are to immediately precede the coming of the
Lord."

  10) Evangelical postmillennialism teaches that there will be a final
apostasy or falling away just prior to the return of Christ in judgment on
the world.  Interpreting Revelation 20, A. A. Hodge wrote: "Christ has in
reserve for his church a period of universal expansion and of pre-eminent
spiritual prosperity, when the spirit and character of the "noble army of
martyrs" shall be reproduced again in the great body of God's people in an
unprecedented triumph of their cause, and in theoverthrow of that of their
enemies, receive judgment over their foes and reign in the earth; while the
party of Satan, 'the rest of the dead,' shall not flourish again until the
thousand years be ended, when it shall prevail again for a little season."
Charles Hodge held that "The great truth set forth in these prophesies is,
that there was future ... great apostasy in the Church; that this apostasy
would be Anti-christian (or Antichrist), ally itself with the world and
become a great persecuting power ... [which will] be over taken with a
final destruction when the Lord comes."

Christian apologist Dr. Greg L. Bahnsen, scholar in residence

P.O. Box 18021,
Irvine, CA 92713,
Phone # 714-733-3609

Covenant Tape Ministry distributes all of Dr. Bahnsen's tapes and
writings.  For a catalog you can call 800-553-3938.

You may reach Dr. Bahnsen via e-mail at:
70754.1752@compuserve.com (Michael Butler) Dr. Bahnsen's assistant.

***********************************************

Prophe-Zine News Bites


        IRS Initiates Massive New Database

On December 20, the Internal Revenue Service announced in the Federal
Register that it was planning a new database to monitor compliance of
taxpayers in a project entitled Compliance 2000.  The database would
contain information on all individuals in the U.S. who conduct certain
financial transactions and would be segmented by different criteria:

        Any individual who has business and/or financial
        activities. These may be grouped by industry, occupation,
        or financial transactions, included in commercial
        databases, or in information provided by state and local
        licensing agencies.

The new database will combine private and public sector databases in a
single searchable entity.  A number of federal financial databases from the
IRS will be enhanced with state, local and commercial sources. The Federal
Register notice describes the non-tax databases:

        Examples of other information would include data
        from commercial databases, any state's Department
        of Motor Vehicles (DMV), credit bureaus, state and
        local real estate records, commercial publications,
        newspapers, airplane and pilot information, U.S.
        Coast Guard vessel registration information, any
        state's Department of Natural Resources
        information, as well as other state and local
        records.  In addition, Federal government databases
        may also be accessed, such as, federal employment
        files, federal licensing data, etc.

Finally, even though the proposed system would use frequently inaccurate
"commercial databases" such as direct marketing records, taxpayers would
not be able to review their records to ensure that they are accurate and up
to date:  "This system is exempt from the access and contest provisions of
the Privacy Act."

EPIC is filing comments asking the IRS to reconsider its use of commercial
databases and to ensure that there are greater safeguards on the collection
and use of personal information.

A copy of the Federal Register notice is available at cpsr.org
/cpsr/privacy/epic/IRS_compliance_2000_notice_txt
Comments on the proposed system must be received by January 19, 1995,
and sent to Office of Disclosure, Internal Revenue Service, 1111 Conn.
Ave, NW, Washington, DC 20224. EPIC's Comments are available at
cpsr.org /cpsr/privacy/epic/epic_irs_compliance_2000_comments.txt

************************************

ALERT The Global Police

  An advanced criminal intelligence system, ALERT, will go live in April
1995, giving the UK's National Criminal Intelligence Service (NCIS) extra
powers in its role of tracking down "top-tier" criminals. According to NCIS
director general Albert Pacey: "ALERT will set the standard by which other
law enforcement agencies will gauge their own computer intelligence
systems."

  Police forces, regional crime squads, customs and excise, and other
agencies in the UK have long been familiar with gathering information on
criminals and their activities. Some of this information overlaps and some
is unique to one organisation; some facts look innocent in isolation--but
when collated with others take on greater significance.

  It was the pressure to integrate this intelligence material that led to
the creation of the NCIS--its principal focus being to analyse and organise
incoming information and to deliver intelligence "packages" to the various
enforcement agencies.

-The European; Dec. 16-22, 1994

************************************************

Canada Plans Smart-card-based Electronic Highway for 1995

  Six Canadian corporations known as the UBI consortium plan to build
Canada's first smart-card-based electronic highway to reach 1.4 million
homes by 2002. But for now, UBI network will start out on a smaller scale,
reaching 34,000 homes in the Saguenay, Quebec region in 1995. The six
corporations involved are Videotron, Hearst Publishing Group, Hydro-Quebec,
the National Bank of Canada and the Canada Post Corporation.

  The UBI network will enable users to do homeshopping and banking, as
well as participate in more domestic features like game playing and
entertainment, home automation and electronic messaging.

  Along with the smart card, clients will be required to use PIN
verification to access the UBI network. The goal is to eventually use the
card for other features as well like public parking and use of public
transportation systems, as well as perhaps making purchases from vending
machines.

  The announcement of the UBI network will probably push Canadian banks to
consider smart cards for Canada's future. According to Rene Bastien of Nova
Consulting Services, "This project may provide an incentive to financial
institutions to
move from the more fraud-prone environment of magnetic stripe cards to the
more secure smart card environment."

**********************************************

Future Cars May Need A Smart Card to Start

  When Fred Goldberg's 22-year-old stepdaughter Kitte was killed by a
drunk driver not holding a valid drivers' license, he decided to do
something about preventing such tragedies in the future.

  Goldberg, the head of a laser engineering company in Sweden, developed a
smart card to replace regular keys for turning on a vehicle's ignition.
According to Goldberg, the smart card, which could also be used as a
driver's permit, could also help reduce
car theft. A specially-equipped vehicle's electrical system would only
turn on with a valid smart card/driver's license.

  It is expected that Goldberg's idea for a smart card license will be
implemented in two years in Sweden, but it will be some time before cars
are properly equipped to use the card in place of ignition keys.

  Goldberg received funding from a few car manufacturers including Saab
and Volvo. He was in the U.S. in September to propose his idea to U.S. auto
manufacturers as well.


 ******************************************************

"Gay gene" not proven

brownell@kuhub.cc.ukans.edu    University of Kansas Academic Computing Services

Despite the fact that I've come to believe the thread on homosexuality is
to the point of being flame-bait, I said I'd post citations on researchers
critical of the Hamer twin study and the LeVay brain study that supposedly
"prove" a biological component to homosexuality. So I will.

But first, as a research analyst I sometimes get frustrated at the amount
of misinformation on research that is propogated by people who don't know
what they're talking about (i.e., the media, Dear Abby, etc.). What's worse
is having scientific know-nothings using this VERY PRELIMINARY research to
forward a social and political agenda. This corrupts the neutrality of all
research, and calls into question the validity of research. This is wrong.

Here are some cites that point out the shortcomings of the Hamer and LeVay
research (self-selecting samples, small samples, violation of evolutionary
principles, etc):

Risch-N, Squires-Wheeler-E, Keats-BJ. "Male sexual orientation and genetic
evidence [letter]." Science. 1993 Dec 24 262:2063-5.

Baron-M. "Genetic linkage and male homosexual orientation [editorial]."
BMJ. 1993 Aug 7 307:337-8.

Maddox-J. "Willful public misunderstanding of genetics." Nature.
22 July 1993 364:281.

Clair-King-M. "Sexual orientation and the X." Nature. 22 July 1993
364:288.

While I am not a geneticist myself, I do know there is hardly the supposed
concensus on research proving a "gay gene" that some would lead us to
believe. There is in fact a considerable amount of disagreement in the
scientific communtity. Even Hamer says to be very cautious in interpreting
his results!!

So no more of this "It's a proven fact" argument. It's not proven. Even if
it were, it doesn't make it right as others have pointed out. Enough
already.

Mark Brownell
Research Analyst
University of Kansas School of Medicine

********************************************

Hand geometry ID for parolees

  According to a PIN: Personal Identification News news brief, New York
City plans to open up a kiosk for convicted criminals on probation. The
parolee will use the kiosk as an interactive device for a probation
session. The parolee would be identified
by hand geometry.

  "With over 60,000 people," reports PIN, "required to report to probation
officers monthly, the city has lost its ability to actually identify that
the correct person shows up in their offices and appears ready to commit to
deployment. Vorec Corp. of Mill Creek, NY has demonstrated such a kiosk
system."

****************************************************

IRS To Expand Secret Database

  WASHINGTON--In an effort to catch more tax cheats, the Internal Revenue
Service plans to vastly expand the secret computer database of information
it keeps on virtually all Americans.

  Likely to be included are credit reports, news stories, and real-estate,
motor-vehicle and child-support records as well as conventional government
financial data.

  "Any individual who has business and/or financial activities" can expect
upgraded agency computers to put such information before IRS auditors
promptly, according to an agency notice filed in December.

  Although agency officials concede some of the data collected will be
inaccurate, taxpayers will not be allowed to review or correct it.

  Only when undergoing audits--which the system is designed to target and
assist--will taxpayers be able to rebut the system's inaccuracies, explains

Phyllis DePiazza, chief of the IRS' privacy and education branch.

  The taxpayer database, begun in the 1970s, is being expanded and
enhanced as part of an $8 billion IRS computer and software upgrade due to
be completed in 2008.

  "They're creating dossiers on everybody in America," protests David
Banisar, a policy analyst at the Electronic Privacy Information Center in
Washington.

  The IRS wants to "wipe out the line between the private sector and
government," claims Evan Hendricks, editor and publisher of Privacy Times,
a biweekly Washington newsletter.

  Basically, the IRS intends to match and compare tax returns with
consumer information contained in computerized databases developed by
federal, state and local governments and the private sector.

  By law, detailed consumer credit figures are off-limits to the IRS, but
names and addresses of accounts can be used, Brand said, to identify
non-filers and find taxpayers who have skipped.

-Knight-Ridder Tribune; Jan. 20, 1995

**************************************************

Israeli/Egyptian ties getting cooler

  Since signing a peace treaty together, ties between Israel and Egypt have
remained cool. And with the upcoming renewal of the nuclear
Non-Proliferation Treaty, the relationship has been even frostier. Israel
continues to refuse to become a member of NPT, therefore, Egypt says it
should not be expected to renew its membership.

  At a press conference in Paris, after a meeting with Egyptian Foreign
Minister Amr Moussa, Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres stated that his
nation should not be expected to make concessions on security and territory
for the sake of peace, as well as dispel the "strategic fog" over its
nuclear capabilities.

  The U.S. is now warning Egypt that relations between Washington and
Cairo could begin to cool if Egypt refuses to renew its signature on the
NPT extension.

  According to a Feb. 25, 1995 article in The Jerusalem Post International
Edition, "Egypt's refusal to sign the NPT extension unless Israel signs as
well, however, is causing it problems with the U.S. Secretary of State
Warren Christopher and Defense Secretary William Perry were reported by The
New York Times to have told Moussa that Cairo's opposition was straining
relations with Washington.

  "And members of Congress have suggested that Egypt could be jeopardizing
$2 billion in annual American aid by failing to back the U.S. position on
the nuclear treaty.

  "Relations with Egypt took another turn for the worse last week when the
Egyptian Information Ministry banned distribution of The Jerusalem Post in
the country.

  "While no reason for the ban was given, it is believed that an op-ed
piece by former U.N. ambassador Yehuda Blum, which blamed Israel-Egyptian
tension on the alleged personal animus toward Israel of former foreign
minister

Esmet Abdel Meguid (now Arab League secretary-general), Moussa, and top
Mubarak adviser Osama Baz, and a cartoon by Oleg which showed Islamic
militants in Egypt shooting at a fleeing Mubarak and Moussa, were
particularly offensive."

**************************************************

Date: 7 Jun 94 14:13:21 GMT
Thought you might find this interesting , I found it in nexus magazine
(latest issue).  I quote it in its entirety.

The Microchip and the Mark of the Beast

    "Dr Carl W. Sanders is an electronics engineer, inventor, author and
consultant to various government organizations as well as IBM, General Elect
ric, Honeywell and Teledyne.  He is also a winner of the Presidents and
Governors Award for Design Excellence.

   "Thirty two years of my life was spent in design engineering and
electronics designing microchips in the Bio-Med field.

   In 1968 I became involved, almost by accident, in a research and
development project in regard to a spinal bypass for a young lady who had
severed her spine.  They were looking at possibly being able to connect
motor nerves etc.

   It was a project we were all excited about. There were 100 people
involved and I was senior engineer in charge of the project.  This project
culminated in the microchip that we talk about now a - microchip that I
believe is going to be the positive identification and mark of the beast.

   This microchip is recharged by body temperature changes.  Obviously you
can't go in and have your battery changed every so often, so the microchip
has a recharging circuit that charges based upon the body temperature
changes.  Over one and a half million dollars was spent finding out that
the two places in the body that the temperature changes the most rapidly
are in the forehead (primary position), right below the hairline, and the
back of the hand (alternative position).

   Working on the microchip, we had no idea about it ever being an
identification chip.  We looked at it as being a very humanitarian thing to
do.  We were all excited about what we were doing.

   We were doing high-level integration for the very first time.  This
team was made up of people out of San Jose, people from Motorola, General
Electric, Boston Medical Center - it was quite a group of people. My
responsibility had to do with the design of the chip itself, not the
medical side of if.

    As the chip came to evolve, there came a time in the project when they
said that the financial return on bypassing severed spines is not a very
lucrative thing for us to be into, so we really need to look at some other
areas.  We noticed that the frequency of the chip had a great
effect upon behavior and so we began to branch off and look possibly at
behavior modification.

    The project almost turned into electronic acupuncture because what
they ended up with was embedding the microchip to put out a signal which
effected certain areas.  They were able to determine that you could cause
behavioral change.

    One of the projects was called the Phoenix project which had to do
with Vietnam veterans.  We had a chip that was called the Rambo chip. This
chip would actually cause extra adrenaline flow.

    I wonder how many of you know that if you can stop the output of the
the pituitary gland (the signal from the pituitary gland that causes
oestrogen flow), you can put a person into instant menopause and there is
no conception.  This was tested in India and other different parts of the
world. So here you have got a birth control tool, based on a microchip.

    Microchips can also be used for migraine headaches, behavior
modification, upper/downer, sexual stimulant and sexual depressant. This is
nothing more that electronic acupuncture, folks.

    There are 250,000 components in the microchip, including a tiny
lithium battery.  I fought them over using lithium as a battery source but
NASA was doing  a lot with lithium at that time and it was the going thing.
I had talked to a doctor at the Boston Medical Center about what that
concentration of lithium in the body could do if the chip broke down. He
said that you would get a boil or grievous sore.

    As the development moved along, I left the project and came back as a
consultant several times.  I was used in many meetings as an expert witness
in regard to the uses of the microchip.

    I was in one meeting where it was discussed.  How can you control a
people if you can't identify them ?"  All of a sudden the idea came: "Lets
make them aware of lost children, etc."

   This was discussed in meetings almost like people were cattle.  The CIA
came up with an idea of putting pictures of lost children on milk cartons.
Since thechip is now accepted, you don't see the pictures anymore, do you.
It's served it's purpose.

   As we developed this microchip, as the identification chip became the
focal point, there were several things that were wanted.  They wanted a
name, an image (picture of your face), Social security number with the
international digits on it, finger print identification, physical
description, family history, address, occupation, income
tax information and criminal record.

    I've been in 17 "one world" meetings where this has been discussed,
meetings in Brussels, Luxembourg, tying together the finances of the world.

    Just recently in the newspapers they've talked about the Health Care
Program, the "Womb to Tomb" identification!  A positive identification.
There are bills before congress right now that will allow them to inject a
microchip in your child at the time of birth for identification purposes.

    The president of the United States of America, under the "Emigration
of Control Act of 1986", Section 100 , has the authority to deem whatever
type of identification is necessary - whether it be an invisible tattoo or
electronic media under the skin.  So I think you have to look at the facts,
folks:  this is not coming as some big shock.
The paving has been done ahead of time."

**********************************************

It is evident that the United Nations peacekeepers need more strength if
their role is to be taken seriously and U.N. mandates are to be enforced.
The following article from the Southam News tells of an agenda for such a
reformation.

OTTAWA--Canada and Russia announced Oct. 6, 1994 agreement on a common
agenda for reforming and strengthening the United Nations.

As a first priority, the two countries have committed themselves to
improving U.N. peacekeeping operations and devising a workable "rapid
response capability" to dispatch military forces to world trouble spots
when a peaceful prevention of conflict fails.

According to a joint communique issued in Moscow and Ottawa, the Yeltsin
and Chretien governments intend to focus their joint efforts on early
warning mechanisms to head off armed conflicts before they happen. The U.N.
has signally failed to do so at a cost of thousands of lives and  billions
of dollars over the past five decades.

In New York, [Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Andre Ouellet] announced
that Canada will launch a major exercise to push for establishment of a
permanent U.N. army of standby forces from various countries.

France is committed to the idea. China remains ambivalent. The two other
permanent Security Council members--Britain and the United States--are
unhappy even with the idea of debating the question.

Moving toward a stronger U.N. military, Russia has announced the desire
for closer ties with NATO as the following article from Wire Services
indicates.

NOORDWIJK, Netherlands--Despite lingering misgivings about NATO's
expansion  plans, Russia embarked on an unprecedented program of
cooperation with the  Western alliance Wednesday.

At a meeting with his NATO counterparts, Russian Foreign Minister Andrei
Kozyrev committed his country to broad military and political exchanges.
The decision shows that Russia's desire for closer links and influence with
the West is prevailing over anxiety about the alliance in general and its
eastward expansion plans in particular.

"NATO is no longer the enemy of Russia," NATO Secretary-General Willy
Claes  declared.

Kozyrev confirmed his country's membership in NATO's Partnership for Peace
program and handed over a detailed list of military and political
cooperation activities.

He also endorsed a document--unique to Russia and not the other 25 nations
that have signed a partnership--setting out an "enhanced dialogue" with
NATO on topics ranging from peacekeeping to ending smuggling of nuclear
material.

As the U.N. moves toward being a more dominant authority, it more closely
resembles the final world kingdom in its early stages.

 Source:
Southam News - Oct. 7, 1994 (This Week in Biblical Prophecy)
Wire Services - June 1, 1995 (The Daily Oklahoman)
Submitted by: Wes Peters

*********************************************

Biometrics Update

   According to a report in the Feb. 1995 issue of Biometric Technology
Today,  the International Civil Aviation Organisation is investigating card
technologies and biometrics for use in passports.

   BTT also revealed that it was approached recently by the filmmakers
Pinewood Studios for advice on biometrics. The film company will apparently
be using some form of biometrics ID in an upcoming movie based on the TV
series Mission Impossible.

   And finally, BTT also revealed that the Czech Republic will be
implementing  a bank card system using fingerprint ID and optical memory
cards.


***************************************************


Computer Program For Mapping Out a Crime Free Future

   In March the European Commission sponsored a conference in London,
England as part of its European Initiative for the Prevention of
Delinquency and Social Reintegration of Ex-Offenders. The conference was
hosted by the Wandsworth council which has adopted a computer program
called Netmap.

   The program was responsible for helping to bust a murder and narcotics
ring in The Netherlands recently. According to a report in the March 10-16,
1995 edition of The European, "'The Netmap program is an excellent example
of  the benefits of information-sharing,' said council consultant Adrian
McKeon.

   "'It can be used for any purpose where a vast quantity of data needs
international language--its technique can be applied anywhere.'...

   "The program is being used by defence and intelligence agencies in
Europe and the United States. It helped solve the so-called 'backpacker
murders' in Australia, and was used by the UK's Serious Fraud Office to
uncover a mortgage-fraud ring, processing in a week information it would
have  taken one person 16 years to decipher...

   "[T]he council hopes to draw a sophisticated map of the urban
environment, incorporating all kinds of unreported crimes and delinquency
including petty theft, vandalism, graffiti, radical harassment and school
bullying."

   And in the same issue of The European we read, "Judge Antonio Di Pietro
became a national hero as the head of the small mani pulite team exposing
the biggest corruption scandal in postwar Italy.

   "The judge's wide use of computers in cross-checking data helped direct
 investigators through a miasma of hidden bank accounts and corrupt
wheeler-dealing.

   "Using computer animation Di Pietro illustrated his summing-up at the
Enimont trial on life-size screens, showing key witnesses testifying
alongside banks of data detailing their crimes...

   "Now a new generation of magistrates has entered the world of 'virtual
justice'...

   "[Deputy prosecutor Luigi] Guerzoni said: 'The average magistrate has no
understanding of information technology and there is no standardisation of
databases.'

   "By the end of this year, however, most prosecutor's offices will be
armed  with a computer network known as LEN, or local area network,
allowing  magistrates to share information via modems."

***********************************************

Spies Link Over Intelink

   Until recently U.S. intelligence agencies such as the CIA had to depend
on what was known as the "pizza truck" for delivery of secret reports and
documents. That has now changed as spy agencies are now linked into
cyberspace. According to an article in the March 20, 1995 issue of TIME
magazine, "Within seconds, billion-dollar Pentagon spy satellites can
deliver  detailed photographs to ground stations. The National Security
Agency's  supercomputers can sort through intercepted phone calls with
lightning speed.  Even clandestine agents overseas can have instant access
to CIA officials in the  U.S. by using cellular phones...

   "Last December the CIA and the Pentagon began full operation of
Intelink, a worldwide computer network that has borrowed much of its
technology from Internet...An exclusive club, Intelink has 35 intelligence
organizations feeding it and so far more than 3,000 users, all with secret
or  top-secret security clearances to tap the system. More important,
Intelink  allows White House aides, State Department analysts, Pentagon
generals, even  soldiers in the field almost instant access to secrets on
any subject they choose from a menu on their computer screens."


********************************************

Sky Eyes

   In 1988 the U.S. Department of Defense was instructed by Congress to
 centralize development of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). DoD created
JPO,  the Joint Project Office, to oversee the job.

   Inventors came up with various ideas for UAVs, essentially spies in the
sky, presenting models in all shapes and sizes. The reported purpose for
the  UAVs will be nonmilitary.

   According to an article in the April 1995 issue of OMNI magazine, for
example, we learn that California's Department of Transportation will be
using  20 by 30 inch UAVs for inspection of bridges and overpasses. Other
suggested  uses are the inspection of pipe or power lines, televising
sporting events, or  tracking forest fires or poachers "via UAV sky eyes."

   OMNI reports, "One small UAV has already demonstrated how effective sky
spies can be. Although AeroVironment Incorporated's Pointer mini-drone
experienced problems in Operation Desert Storm (it can't fly in winds that
exceed its 20 to 40 miles per hour speed), it has proved its worth on
civilian  operations...

   "A Pointer was loaned by the Defense Evaluation Support Activity to
Oregon's National Guard and State Police last February prior to their raid
on a suspected drug compound. Where agents had expected one fence, a couple
of dogs and cars and a few buildings, the Pointer's silent spying revealed
two fences, many dogs, and more of everything else. The raid was
successful.

   "However, as JPO spokesman [Ray] Coleman points out, nonmilitary use of
UAVs raises as-yet unresolved questions of invasion of privacy and illegal
search and seizure. And there's the matter of 'deconfliction' that FAA and
military representatives are trying to work out. 'Pilots are horrified to
think of  vehicles flying with nobody in them,' Coleman says, suggesting
they'll need an electronic warning akin to aircraft collision avoidance
systems.

   "'I'm convinced there is no problem the engineers cannot solve given
enough time and money,' Coleman states. Except maybe what to do about all
those people who'll call to report UFOs when UAV saucers are flying."


*******************************************

MC ALVANY INTELLIGENCE ADVISOR

This month Don did a superb job of explaining how the Conference of the
States could permanently alter if not remove our Constitution, and all
rights to freedom of religion. John tells us in Revelation that persecution
is coming to Christians. Revelation 17 is unfulfilled prophecy. Revelation
17:6  And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with
the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with
great admiration.

Some place between now and the millennium, lots of Christian blood will be
spilled. Our legal protection in America is our Constitution. This could
destroy that protection.

Call 1(800) 525-9556 tell them The Prophecy Club said you could get a free
copy of his newsletter. While you are on the phone consider getting a
subscription. It is an excellent newsletter.

********************************************

IRAQ OPENS 350-METER HIGH SADDAM TOWER

Reuters World Report Date: Sun, 12 Mar 1995 By Leon Barkho

	BAGHDAD, March 12 (Reuter) - Iraq, claiming to have "revived the
	glories of the Tower of Babel," on Sunday Inaugurated Saddam Tower
	which it said was the tallest building in the Middle East. Ahmed
	Ismael, director of the Fao company which built the tower, said the
	new structure was a symbol of Iraq's perseverance under crippling
	U.N. trade sanctions.

The 70-story skyscraper stands 203 meters (666 feet) high and took 5,915
cubic meters of reinforced concrete and 688 tons of steel to build. It rose
from the rubble of an earlier project levelled by allied bombing in the
early days of the Gulf War. "With the reconstruction of Saddam Tower, the
Iraqis have revived their glories of reconstructing the Tower of Babel,"
Ismael said. In the Bible, the Babylonian builders of the Tower of Babel
intended it to reach the heavens. Ismael said his engineers originally
intended to build a  350-meter (1,148-foot) high structure, "but current
conditions of the embargo stood as a hindrance. The building's main
function will be as a  communications center for radio and television
transmission across the  country.

Scores of new buildings have risen across the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, and
around the country, reconstructed as a symbol of defiance of a nation
defeated in the Gulf War and hurting from U.N. sanctions imposed to punish
its occupation of Kuwait.

In Baghdad, there are two more gigantic structures constructed under
sanctions --the two-tier Saddam bridge and the Baghdad Clock. The official
press carried on Sunday a picture of President Saddam Hussein. Inspecting
new designs for a number of mosques, the government intends to build in the
provinces. Plans are also underway to construct what is termed here as the
largest mosque in the history of Islam in the Iraqi capital. About 400
workers overseen by 12 Iraqi engineers tolled since mid-1992 to finish the
tower. Set amid 10,000 square meters (107,000 square feet) in Baghdad's
fashionable district of Ma'moun, it has a futuristic look and a rotating
restaurant which can seat 200 people.

***********************************

Time For A Global Police Force?

  The following are excerpts from an article by Ron Lowmanwhich appeared
in the Aug. 14, 1994  issue of The Toronto Star:

  There may never be a better time to form a world police force.

  With the carnage in Rwanda and Bosnia and most countries battling huge
deficits by slicing defence spending, a standing United Nations army, navy
and air force could be the answer to many of the world's woes.

  Currently, the U.N. is a toothless lion, which roars when confronted by
human savagery, but has to wait for its members to pop in its dentures
before it can bite.

  Meanwhile, massacres become commonplace, and those who survive the
killing fields are often destined to die the slow refugee death of
starvation. This senseless litany costs the global community billions of
dollars for aid, food and peacekeepers.

  But obviously, if the U.N. does acquire military muscle all its own and
financial contributions are received punctually from member states, a
subtle transfer of loyalty from national flags and anthems to  the blue
banner of the U.N. would begin.

  Disarming nations relies on decision by governments to surrender some of
their sovereignty to the U.N. Security Council.

  Respect for and allegiance to U.N. international symbols might take a
decade or two and there would be great difficulty in persuading such powers
as the U.S., Britain, Germany and France to eliminate their conventional
and nuclear forces and leave the global protection job to the U.N. But this
must be the goal if anarchy is to end.

  Over the years, national forces might well vanish from the scene,
leaving few markets for arms peddlers. A world force-- "muscle on tap at
all times"--could also provide a powerful deterrent to organized crime.

  However, it should be emphasized that fighting soldiers, sailors and
airmen are not police officers, and should not be employed permanently as
such. The U.N. and its members have recognized this and in some military
operations have included police officers; Canada has sent RCMP officers to
assist in building police forces.

****************************************


Cool Web Sites on the Internet

hhtp://twibp.com/~twibp   
http://www.niagara.com:80/~twibp/
This Week In Bible Prophecy

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/PKdates.html
PromiseKeepers 1995 Meeting Dates

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/sevenpromises.html
Seven Promises of a Promise Keeper

http://www.einet.net/galaxy/Arts-and-Humanities/Religion.html  Christian
web site

http://akebono.stanford.edu/yahoo
yahoo Directory

http://www.infi.net/cc
christian coalalition

http://www.jews-for-jesus.org
Jews for jesus

http://ionet.net/~wes
Wes Peters web site..COOL prophecy stuff

http://www.infi.net/~stegner
prophecy world events web


 Cool Resources


CHRISTIAN BOOK DISTRIBUTORS
P.O. Box 6000
Peabody MA. 01961-6000
Customer Service: (508) 977-4550
Membership and monthly catalog subscription; $3 per year

CHRISTIAN COMMUNICATIONS
Prison & Ministry Outreach - Online Bible Studies
Jeannine Robinson
P.O. Box 45094, 81 Lakeshore Road East
Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L5G4S7
Phone/Fax (905) 271-7371
BBS (905) 271-3617

CHRISTIAN DISTRIBUTION NETWORK
(Electronic bulletin board systems)
Ray Waldo, Project Manager
Route 1, Box 175W
Loranger, LA  70446-9720
Voice: (504) 878-2956
BBS (504) 878-3023
FIDONET 1:394/1
CDN Headquarters 8:200/0

The CHRISTIAN GENERAL STORE
(Quality Christian Materials on Issues Related to HIV/AIDS)
2130 Fourth Street
San Rafael, CA 94901
(415) 457-9489




CHRISTIAN LAW ASSOCIATION
(Publishers of "The Briefcase")
Subscription: P.O. Box 30 Conneaut, Ohio 44030-0030
Publisher Office: (216) 593-3933
Gibbs & Craze Law Firm (216) 599-8900

CHRISTIAN MACINTOSH USERS GROUP
2190 Bristolwood Lane
San Jose, CA
95132-1208
408/945-5773 - voice
408/946-4946 - FAX
INTERNET: rickt5@aol.com

CHRISTIAN TAPES FOR THE DISABLED
(Write for catalog of cassettes and information)
Box 455 - Buffalo, NY 14209
(716) 885-0307

CORNERSTONE COMMUNICATIONS INTERNATIONAL
(Helping Christian writers get published since 1984)
1117 Marquette Avenue, Suite 2303
Minneapolis, MN 55403
Fax (612) 673-0866
Internet Email: calliesmom@aol.com

GREAT CHRISTIAN BOOKS
229 S. Bridge St.
PO BOX 8000
Elkton MD 21922-8000
($5 membership fee)

INSTITUTE FOR RELIGIOUS RESEARCH
1340 Monroe Ave, NW
Grand Rapids Michigan 49505
Phone: (616) 451-4562
Fax: (616) 451-8907

INTERNATIONAL BIBLE SOCIETY
PO BOX 35700
Colorado Springs CO 80935-3570
(719) 488-9200
(800) 524-1588
Fax: (719) 488-0870

MESSIANIC RECORDS INC./LAMB
(A Concert Ministry)
7605 Brookhaven Road
Philadelphia, PA 19151
(215) 477-1050
Fax (215) 477-1087

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR RELEASE TIME CHRISTIAN EDUCATION
P.O. Box K
Ellijay, GA 30540
(404) 276-7900

ON LINE BIBLE COLLEGE
Servant of the Lord BBS: 804-590-2161
Whole Cousel Ministries
Mataoca, Virginia
Sysop: Dr. Charles A. Wootten
INTERNET: listener1@aol.com or 76476.1556@cis
Fax: (804) 590-1659

WYCLIFFE BIBLE TRANSLATORS
P.O. Box 2727
Huntington Beach, CA 92647
phone: (714) 969-4600
FAX: (714) 969-4661

ZONDERVAN PUBLISHING HOUSE
-NRSV Concordance
-NIV Atlas of the Bible
1-800-727-3480

Other Pubs Too....

The CHRISTIAN WORLD REPORT
(Prophecy and current events newspaper from Peter LaLonde)
($29.95 annual, 11 issues per year)
US: P.O. Box 1440, Niagara Falls, NY 14302
Canada: P.O Box 5091, Burlington, Ontario L7R 4M2

DECISION MAGAZINE
($7 annually, 11 issues per year)
Billy Graham Evangelistic Association
P.O. Box 779
Minneapolis, Minnesota
55440-0779

FOCUS ON THE FAMILY MAGAZINE
P.O. Box 35500
Colorado Springs, Co
80935-3550
(free upon request)

HIGHWAY
A magazine for Truck Drivers
Transport For Christ - Highway
P.O. Box 303
Denver, PA
17517

IN OTHER WORDS
Newspaper of Wycliffe Bible Translators
PO BOX 2727
Huntington Beach, CA 92647

PARTNERS PRAYER GUIDE (Partner Ministries)
1470 N. 4th St. PO BOX 15025
San Jose CA. 95115-0025
(free guide to praying for different nations)

PRISON EVANGELISM MAGAZINE
International Prison Ministry
P.O. Box 63
Dallas, TX  75221

THE TEACHING HOME
(A Christian magazine for home educators)
P.O. Box 20219
Portland, Oregon 97220-0219
Phone: (503) 253-9633
Fax: (503) 253-7345

TESTIMONY NEWSLETTER
Dennis R. Mallory, Publisher
P. O. Box 14974
Albany, NY 12212-4974

TODAY IN THE WORD (Moody Bible Institute)
820 North La Salle Drive
Chicago Il. 60610
(free 3-month trial subscription)

TRACKS IN THE SAND
Uncovering Christian Men's Issues
P.O. Box 1828
Tustin, CA
92680
INTERNET: mark.perew@ofa123.fidonet.org

WORLD CHALLENGE (David Wilkerson letter)
(free newsletter, 17 issues per year)
P.O. Box 260 Lindale, Texas 75771
(903)-963-8626















37





