Prophe-Zine, Issue # 16
April 1, 1996

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........

Raymond Gano..........Welcome to Issue # 16
Raymond Clarke........A Nation In Turmoil: Why?
Alan Yusko....Why I Believe The Pre-Tribulation Rapture
Prophe-Zine News Bites..... Assorted Authors and News Services

Special thanks to: Raymond Clarke. Ray is a retired school administrator
and has had many years in the school system. I want to thank him for taking
the time to write such a in depth article. I really liked his article
because it is coming strait from the horses mouth. Great job and keep the
aticles coming Ray.!

Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on the
1st and the15th of each month. (bi-weelkly)

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet. You can also get back issues at Prophe-Zine's web site.
Address: http://www.best.com/~ray673/pzhome.html

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine

Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in Matthew 28:19:
                  "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine
Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1996 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from the
author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, , Color-It, JPEGview, OnLine Bible KJV 2.1.

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!

*****************************
Welcome to Issue # 16

Hello All,

And once again it is that time for you to download the newest issue of
Prophe-Zine. In this issue I am trying something a bit different. What I
have done is just posted 2 major articles and then the rest is newsbite.
There is SO much going on that I am almost tempted to just do a newsbites
special  issue just to bring everyone up to speed.

A lot has been going on these past few weeks. There has been bombings and
the Primaries in Israel, US and Russia, Earthquakes and volcanoes, The
Terrorist Bill has passed in a watered down bill, There is a standoff in
Montana with the Freemen, I can go on and on. So what I would like to hear
is if you are interested in getting a special issue every once in a while
with just news. March was pretty busy and a lot went on. Your feelings and
opinions? If I do not get much response I will not do it, but if I get a
large amount, then I will put something together.

I want to thank all of you who have been sending in stories and news items.
I also want to thank all of you who have been keeping me in your prayers. I
have really felt the difference, please keep it up.

Another thing, I would really like to hear what is going on in the rest of
the world. If you live outside the US, can you send me situation reports of
what is happening in your country and how you see things there fall into
Bible Prophecy. So any help that you can offer in this aspect, please let
me know.

Well that is all that is going on, again I want to remind you that I have
my daily mail list of news. If you want on, please let me know. This is
news that I officially can not print in PZ because of copy right issues,
but is ok for private mail lists. I cover Israel news, UN news, Politics,
and ANYTHING that relates to Bible Prophecy. Just recently I sent out to
articles on rebuilding the temple and the ark of the covenant. This is just
to let you know.

So until we meet here on this earth or in the air with our Lord.....

As for me and my household, we will always serve the Lord,

Ray
Prophe-Zine

 ****************************

A Nation In Turmoil: Why?
By: Raymond Clarke
jodyc@python.viper.net

     As a youngster growing up in a small south Alabama town in the forties
and fifties when the nation feared God and still held to moral absolutes, I
was greatly influenced by the Judio  Christian values handed down to me
from my parents.  Drugs were something you read about in the papers
occasionally in the big far-away cities but were largely unknown in small
town America. Crime was at a minimum and all of the movies which were
available taught very plainly that crime did not pay.  It was safe to walk
the streets in most cities after dark and murder was rare.  Teen pregnancy
was an almost unheard of event which usually brought shame and disgrace
upon the family name.  If a young girl got pregnant often she was sent to
live with relatives in a distant town.  Abortion was seldom considered a
viable option even in the case of teen pregnancy.  It was unheard of as a
means of birth control and certainly it was not supported by our
government.  The nation reverenced God and schools were required to begin
the day with Bible reading and prayer. The Ten Commandments were a common
site in the schools and people lived by them.

     Having survived two world wars the nation was at the height of its
glory and God prospered this nation in a way in which no nation has
prospered since.  No doubt there were problems but nothing compared to what
the nation faces today.  Political leaders were for the most part
considered to be statesmen and their priorities were upon what was best for
the nation rather than their own selfish interests.

     The greatest problems facing educators were chewing gum in the
classrooms and running in the halls.  Teachers were highly respected and
were almost always given the unquestioned support of parents.  If students
got into trouble at school seldom did they tell their parents for they knew
that it would probably mean trouble at home.  People's word was their bond
and there was trust among people.

     In a court of law the bible was often used as an authority and
attorneys were well versed in biblical knowledge, for they depended upon it
to develop support in their cases.  Today we have lawsuits filed for
displaying the Ten Commandments in public buildings.  Since the Ten
Commandments are the basis of our law, this makes no sense whatever.  Where
have we as a nation gone wrong?

     During this apparent time of spiritual prosperity sinister forces were
even then at work to wreak havoc upon this nation and turn it from its
Godly heritage to an anti-Godly institution which now holds spiritual
matters in disdain.  The attack was coming on many fronts and the Church or
the Body of Christ reveled in their freedom of religion in which they could
truly express themselves as they desired.  As this onslaught started
gaining momentum, the Church went to sleep and failed to make a stand.

     From where did this sudden change come?  When did it start?  Why did
not the Church recognize what was happening and speak out against it?  We
have awakened today to find this Nation in the throes of turmoil because it
has forgotten its spiritual heritage and has rebelled against Almighty God
and has, in fact,  become an anti-Godly nation bent upon self-destruction.
Who is responsible?  The nation is searching for answers today but finding
few.  Most of us have wrongly identified the culprit as our government and
I would agree that our government is pushing this nation headlong into
destruction with its anti-Godly policies but the problem did not start with
our government.  The problem started when the Body of Christ started
compromising with the world and buying into the lies of Satan. which were
presented to the nation largely through our institutions of higher learning
who were instructing the teachers of our children.  These institutions of
higher learning began promoting the humanistic agenda that effectively
filtered down through our high schools and elementary schools teaching the
younger generation that there is no God.

     John Dewey, known as the "father of modern education", was the author
of the first Humanist Manifesto which declared that there is no Supreme
Being and that mankind was the ultimate being responsible only to himself.
All prospective teachers were required to study this man's philosophy, thus
begins our downward spiral in morality and we are headed for "ground zero"
at an alarming rate unless someone is willing to "Stand In The Gap"!

     Our government is but a reflection of our society and our society is
but a reflection of  what the Church (Body of Christ)  has become.  I
realize that in saying this I bring the responsibility down upon the Church
and this will not be comfortable for many church leaders including those
active in the ministry.  However, until the ministers of this nation repent
for that which they have preached from the pulpits of this nation and for
that which they have failed to preach, effectively leading their churches
into today's Laodician pitfall, this  nation will continue its downward
spiral into the worldly values which has brought this nation to this lowest
level in modern day history.

     Lest we hang our ministers out to swing in the wind let us go one step
further.  It is true that these men of God should not have allowed
themselves to fall into Satan's trap as they have because they knew from
the beginning that Satan was the master deceiver and that certainly they
were probably going to be his number one target.  They should have known
this and remembered it but the laymen of the church cannot sit smugly in
their self-righteous seats of piety and blame the ministers of the gospel
for they likewise have fallen into Satan's deceitful trap and demanded of
their ministers a watered-down gospel, for they did not want to face the
truth as depicted in the infallible word of  God:  No Compromise With Sin!

     What is it going to take to turn this nation around?  We must all
repent and get back into God's word.  The problems facing this nation are
not those of education as insane as public education has become;  it is not
our immoral corrupt government as bad as that has deteriorated in recent
years;  it is not the non-Christian world as evil has continued to
perpetuate itself in modern times:  it is not even the Madalyn Murray
O'Hair's if this nation because we are told in scripture that if we would
resist Satan he would flee from us, therefore, we must remember that these
representatives of  Satan are subject to the power of Jesus Christ which
resides in every born-again Christian.  In other words we born-again
Christians posses the very power of Almighty God!  What then is the
problem?  It is the compromise within the Body of Christ, for indeed we
have compromised with sin!  Yes, Christians, we have compromised and we
must now repent and call the body of Christ to repentance.  We must then
move with determination and deliberate speed to spread the Gospel of Jesus
Christ to the non-Christian world and though it might include the far
corners of the earth it likewise means to our next door neighbors.  There
must be a spiritual re-awakening in America if America is going to survive
as we have known it in the past.  Anything less than a spiritual
re-awakening in this nation will move this nation even closure to
destruction and it will literally be brought to its knees either before god
in repentance or before the world in shame and defeat!  It is decision
making time and there is little time left.

	I want to explore more in depth one of the  reasons this nation has
reached such a point.  It is a sad state of affair  to see a nation such as
the United States of America, a nation with such a  rich spiritual
heritage, sink to such a low point morally.

        We would do well to remember that the Roman Empire crumbled from
within because of corruption and moral decay, not unlike this nation is
facing today.  We must understand that no nation can rebel against Almighty
God without serious consequences.   Study the history of Israel and you
will  learn about the seriousness of rebellion against God.  It is not so
much  that God wants to punish his people, even though that option is
obviously  available to him, but, when a nation goes into rebellion against
God, it  opens itself to Satan's attack.  God, being a God of "absolute
perfection"  cannot and will not violate his previously established word,
therefore, Satan stakes a legal claim and God is bound by his word and
must allow  Satan certain privileges within that individual or nation
unless that  individual or nation repents.  When that nation or that
individual repents,  then God can legally step in and turn the tide on
Satan but if they fail to  repent then God must allow judgment to come upon
them.  We find an example  of this in scripture in Ezekiel 22: 30 - 31.
The people had been in  rebellion against God and were committing crimes
not unlike those we see  today in the United States.  In verse 30 we read
"So I sought for a man who  would make a wall, and stand in the gap before
me on behalf of the land,  that I should not destroy it; but I found no
one.  Therefore, I have poured  out my indignation on them;  I have
recompensed their deeds on their own  heads," said the Lord God.  This
tells me that while God did not desire to  bring judgment upon his people,
he had no choice because of their rebellion  and without someone standing
in the gap or praying for the nation judgment  had to fall upon the nation.
His previously established word required it of   him because he could not
violate his word.  Since there was no repentance  then the judgment fell
upon the nation.  So it will be with this nation unless we repent.

        We must remember that God gave mankind dominion in this earth and
mankind gave that dominion over to Satan following the fall of Adam and
Eve.   At that time Satan became the "god of this world" but Jesus
reclaimed that  authority on behalf of mankind when he arose from the dead
following his  death upon the cross.  Man, upon receiving Jesus Christ as
his personal  Savior and Lord, has his authority over Satan restored.  Born
again man can  once again exert authority over Satan in the Name of Jesus
Christ.  You will  recall that Jesus, upon his resurrection, was given all
authority in heaven  and in earth and he instructed man to "...go in his
name...".  In other  words he regained authority over Satan and immediately
delegated that  authority back to mankind.  Although born again man has
authority over  Satan, it must be noted that Satan is not without power
even though he  possess no authority of his own and has not yet been
incarcerated.  He is  still "alive and well on planet earth".  If Satan is
without authority from  where does he draw his power today? He draws his
power from mankind both  Christian and non-Christian.  He is automatically
in authority over the  non-Christian, while the Christian often gives this
authority over to him  through a lack of knowledge, rebellion, doubt, fear,
and/or unbelief.   Because of God's respect for the authority of man he
will respect and honor  that authority even if man chooses to give it back
to Satan.  Satan has no  authority of his own, only that which man
continues to give over to  him today.  In short, scripture tells us that
"we can have what we say".  We can  choose Satan rather than God and we can
have Satan and everything he has for  us which is absolutely nothing short
of total and complete annihilation.   God will honor mankind's right to
choose Satan.

        Let us now consider one of the ways man has fallen into Satan's
trap.  When we begin to understand this we will realize very quickly why
this nation is in "big trouble", but where does one begin?  Satan has moved
on many fronts through many different organizations and institutions, not
the least of which is "Public Education".  Satan knows that if he can
control the minds of our children he can, within one generation, dominate
and control the world.  He has, therefore, through "the intellectual elite"
of this nation, moved to dominate public education.   Public education has
become an anti-Godly institution bent upon the destruction of
Christianity.   I have, on many occasions,  made the statement that public
education has  become the "tool of Satan".

        I have been a part of public education most of my life.  I have, of
course, participated as a student, as a public school teacher, as a public
school administrator at all levels from the elementary principalship
through  the Central office level and with limited experience at the
college level.   I have spent at least fifty years in public education
either as a student or  as a professional educator.  There was a time when
I believed that public  education could solve the problems of mankind if we
could only provide the  "right kind of educational programs".  However, the
longer I stayed in  public education the problems of mankind seemed to
grow worse.  Education  seldom provided solutions to the problems facing
mankind.  The problems  facing the world today are staggering compared to
those in the forties and  fifties when I was growing up.  At that time
Bible reading and prayer were  an accepted part of the school day.  I
dedicated  my life to public  education and labored to provide that "right
kind of education".  We met  with some degree of success within the
parameters which we were able to  operate but public education failed
miserably in solving the problems of  society.  It will continue to fail
because the problems of society are  spiritual in nature and public
education has turned a deaf ear and  absolutely refuses to acknowledge
spiritual matters.  By design public  education has attempted to remove all
vestiges of God or spiritual matters  (as it relates to Christianity) from
the classroom.  At one time I innocently  bought into this lie and "gave
aid and comfort to the enemy" by accepting  the idea that God probably had
no place in the public schools.  Although I  continued to have Bible
reading and prayer in my classroom long after the  Supreme Court ruled that
it was no longer permissible, I gradually came to  accept the "politically
correct" idea that indeed God had no place in the  public schools and that
it should be separate and distinct from the church. I was wrong!   One
cannot leave God out of any part of their lives and  especially that part
of a young child's life when his/her values are being  developed.  Often
the question is raised, "Do you want to impose your  religious beliefs upon
others?"  Yes, I do, however I believe that I would  state the question in
different terms.  I think I might ask, " Do you want  to share in the
knowledge of truth in order to avoid eternal damnation and  obtain eternal
life"?  If you are a Christian and know what the alternatives  are then you
likewise must desire to let the truth be known far and wide.   Granted, we
must respect the rights of others and allow them to make up  their own
minds as to what they want to do about Jesus Christ because God,  himself,
will respect ones right to make his own decisions.  Every  Christian,
however, is under the command of the Word of God to spread the  Gospel of
Jesus Christ throughout the world.  We cannot allow any government  or
institution, including the public schools, to stop us from speaking the
truth to any who will listen.

        We must remember that man is a spirit being, created in the image
of  God, living in a physical body and anytime we move toward
self-sufficiency,  having decided that we no longer need God, we are even
in rebellion against  God.  This is exactly what the public schools are
teaching today.  As a  result we are following Satan's lie which ultimately
leads to destruction.   This is why we see our society crumbling all around
us, our children killing  children, drive by shootings, drugs filling our
streets and schools.  We see  abortion on demand, fetal tissue being used
in experimentation with the  expressed support of our government,
homosexuality becoming an accepted life style, pornography rampant in our
society and our schools moving away from its real purpose toward the
promotion of a world government which calls for  an end of our national
sovereignty ( Read the textbooks even at the  elementary level and see for
yourself the expanded emphasis toward  globalism, especially in the social
studies books.)  We also see crime  rampant in this nation of laws, a rise
in the cults, false religions,  satanism,  and thanks to John Dewey, the
father of modern education and an  avowed humanist,  public schools are
teaching children that there are no  moral absolutes and that parents
should not impose their morality upon  their own children.  May God forgive
us!  Is it any wonder that our nation  is in "big trouble"?

        There is an attack upon the family today and public education is
leading the charge through the efforts of the National Education
Association  which is doing everything it can to deny parents the right to
a voice in the  kinds of things their children will be taught.  Do not ever
believe that  public education is innocent of these abuses.  Who has done
more to  perpetuate the lie of evolution in the world than public
education?  Who has  done more to promote the humanist agenda than public
education?  Our public  schools are almost completely humanistic today and
we need to stop and  realize what that really means.  It is an anti-Godly
philosophy teaching our  children every day of their public school lives
that God does not exist.  Of  course only a very few classroom teachers may
actually teach that "God does  not exist" but the hidden agenda of many
curriculum writers and text book  publishers teach that fact every day.
Most of the new curriculum programs  and textbooks coming out today promote
either the humanistic or new age  agenda both of which are strictly
anti-God.    If the hidden agenda of  public education is humanistic or new
age and there is no denying that, then  it is an anti-Godly incitation
teaching that God does not exist or that we no  longer need God.  It is
time to  wake up America, for indeed, public  education has become a major
"tool of Satan"!  Sound radical?  Of course it  does!  It is time for
America to go to its knees and repent which, to many,  is a radical idea
but that does not make it any less needed.  It is time for  a spiritual
re-awaking in this nation where the people will stand up and let  their
concerns be heard loud and clear throughout the halls of  the public
schools across the nation and the halls of higher education.  This is where
the real problem exists today and it is coming through the "intellectual
leaders usually found on the college and university campuses.  I have been
in their classrooms and I know what they are doing.

        This message needs to be heard resounding in the halls of Congress,
in the White House, in the halls of the Supreme Court of the land and more
importantly  it needs to be heard from the pulpits across America. Let's
face the facts, there are no secular solutions to the problems facing
humanity and there is nothing short of a "Spiritual Awakening" going to
solve the problems facing this nation even if we put ten thousand times ten
thousand police officers on the streets, for indeed our problems are
spiritual in nature and they will not "bow the knee" to the efforts of mere
men!

Abortion: Murder In The First Degree

     In  he past two articles in this series I have written on " A Nation
In  Turmoil: Why?"  In my last article I dealt primarily with the role of
public education and its contribution to the moral corruption of America.
I was plain spoken and shall continue to be plain spoken, for I feel that
it  is time to "stand up and be counted".  In this article I will be very
graphic because people need to realize what is going on in the abortion
mills of this nation.  When the American people stop and think about what
is  actually happening in the abortion mills of this nation they will rise
up  and demand an immediate halt to this destruction of innocent human
life.  No  matter how much we try to salve our conscious by declaring that
a "fetus" is  not a human life, it does not change reality and we are
kidding ourselves.   There is not one straight thinking man alive who
really believes that  abortion is not the taking of innocent human life-
you know it and I know it.

        I believe as firmly as I live and breathe that because of this
holocaust our nation is even now under the judgment of almighty God.  As
long as our government gives its official sanction to this brutal
destruction of human life this judgment shall continue. The problems of
this  nation shall continue to escalate and, short of repentance, there is
nothing  we can do about them.  There is no way one can justify abortion on
demand  unless perhaps they buy into the idea of evolution and any who do
are  completely deceived but for those who may believe that man is nothing
more  than any other animal and that life is but an accident, then in their
own  twisted minds perhaps they could justify it.

     There is no way any born again Christian can support the taking of
innocent human life through abortion.  If we believe otherwise then we are
completely deceived.  There are, however, many professing Christians who
claim the right of a woman to decide whether or not their unborn child will
live or die but this in in direct conflict with God's word and even the
Constitution of The United States.

        Sadly, I have heard many "so called Christian adults" make the
statement that if a child is going to be born into a world where they will
not be wanted, supported or loved, it would be better that they be aborted.
What are we saying when we make such "foolish" statements?  Do we really
believe that it is better that society simply murder these innocent
children?  What about their constitutional right to life, liberty and
pursuit of happiness?  Deny that to one we deny it to all.   No one comes
into the world with any guarantee of wealth or even love with the possible
exception of God's Agape Love but they certainly have the right to the
pursuit thereof.

        Many of our politicians do not, in their hearts, believe in
abortion  but they compromise for political expediency. " Well, I do not
really  believe in abortion but we have and it would be divisive to change
it now  and I really will not attempt to change Roe vs Wade, since it is
now the law  of the land,"  many of them feebly proclaim.  To me this is
worse than  coming out openly and declaring that we support abortion no
matter what. May  God forgive this nation!  Abortion is still wrong and an
absolute violation  of God's law or command that "thou shall not kill" and
anyone giving support  to it shall answer to Almighty God, rest assured of
it.

        While I do not advocate going out on the streets trying to block
abortion clinics, shooting doctors who perform abortion ( though I hold
them  in disdain), or shouting obscenities and hatred to those who are
supporting  abortion, I do advocate that we do at least two things.  First
the "Body of  Christ" should go to its knees and invoke the spiritual
weapons which God  has instructed us to use-Prayer!  Next we need to, in a
calculated and  determined manner, make our voices heard by our government
and vote  accordingly!  This movement should start in the pulpits across
America!

        Then we have the "Christians" who are always looking for a way to
compromise with sin who will come at  you with an emotional laden question
such as, "What would you do if your daughter got pregnant by a rapist?
Would you not support an abortion for her?" In the first place very few
abortions are performed for that reason,  however, I believe in the taking
of  NO innocent human life by abortion  even if it is, "God forbid" a
rapist conceived impregnation."  If I can  justify that exception, then I
could justify any abortion.

        But one might ask, " What if the mother's life is literally at
stake"?  Again a very small percentage of all abortions performed are
performed for that reason.  However, in such a legitimate situation someone
must make a decision.  Given all available information the mother to be
would have to make such a decision.  I would simply ask this question.  How
many of you would give your life to save one of your children  if they
were  facing  imminent death.  Most mothers would be willing to die for
their  children without batting an eye.  How different is this?

     Recently Congress passed a law banning "partial birth abortions" and
the  Senate passed a similar bill.  This procedure is so horrible that even
our  Congress and Senate are having trouble supporting it.  The cruelty of
such  procedure is horrifying but so is the taking of any innocent human
life and  we must stop this insanity.  In this particular procedure the
child is allowed to be partially born.  All of the child's body is outside
the  mother's body with the exception of  its head.  If the head were to be
murder in the first degree but if the head is left inside the mother while
the murder takes place then it is legal.  May God forgive us!  The
abortionist then punctures a hole in the innocent child's head at the base
of the skull and its brains are sucked out.  This tissue is then used in
human experimentation which was made legal by President Clinton's executive
order soon after he was elected to the presidency.

        Mr. Clinton stated that he could not support this ban because it
did  not  provide for the protection of  the mother should her life be in
danger.   Have we not reached a sad state of affair when the President of
The United  States lacks the backbone and courage to make a stand on behalf
of innocent  human life?  Besides, how can it possibly be considered
protection for the  mother  when the innocent's child's head is left inside
the mother's body while the abortionist punctures a hole in the child's
head to suck its  brains out rather than completing the delivery.  Would
this delay not  further endanger the mother if she is in such a bad way?
When the child is  that far along in the birth process, there is no way it
could endanger the  mother further to complete the delivery.  Then why do
it that way?  If the  baby were  completely delivered he/she would come
under the protection of  the US Constitution and it would become murder.
However, in the eyes of   almighty God, the  mother, the abortionist,
President Clinton, this nation  and anyone else who gives support to this
cruel procedure are already guilty of murder.  May God help us!

 	Several years ago, while I was still active in the Cullman City Schools
in  Cullman, Alabama as an Administrative Assistant working at the Central
Office, there arose a big controversy in this area concerning some of the
"Newage curriculum" which had found its way into many of the schools in
this  area including the system in which I served as an Administrative
Assistant.  It so  happened that I had been reading rather extensively on
the "Newage"  at the time.  Indeed, the "Newage Movement had begun to reach
its tentacles  into nearly every public school in the nation and  our local
schools were no  exception.  Parents became very alarmed and protest
meetings begin to spring  up in the area. because parents were concerned
about what their children were being taught in the public schools.   Being
somewhat concerned myself,  I wrote a letter to the editor of one of the
local papers and, in effect,  acknowledged that it was quiet possible that
some curriculum materials with  newage leanings may well have crept into
our schools and that we needed to  take these parental concerns seriously.
If indeed we found such materials  in our schools then we should take steps
to remove it because it is indeed  an anti-God philosophy in which students
are often encouraged to relax,  meditate and call upon "spirit guides" to
come to them and help them.  I was  not sure that the implementation of
these programs actually went that far  but the possibility was built into
some of these programs. Calling upon  these "so called spirit guides" was
and is in reality calling upon demonic powers.  Parents were very concerned
and rightly so.  Unfortunately, my  fellow administrators and especially my
immediate superiors were not well  versed in the "newage" philosophy and
saw this as an attack upon their  authority and their so called "academic
freedom".    To put it mildly my  letter aroused "much concern" with my
immediate superiors.  When I refused  to compromise my convictions on the
issue and refused to "shut up" about the  matter the atmosphere chilled
rapidly.  How dare I question the authority of  this elite "group of
educators."   However, in all fairness I must say that  this was indeed a
well meaning group of educators but they simply did not  understand the
significance and the ramifications of this matter.  But when  I refused to
retreat, in fact I moved ahead with "vigor" on the issue and  further
inflamed a few of these administrators including my immediate  superior, I
was called upon ( not very kindly) to explain my thinking.  You   can
discuss a satanic conspiracy in your Sunday School Class or in church  but
did you ever try to explain a satanic conspiracy to a secular educator?
These guys already feel their pseudo intellectual superiority and dare you
insult their intelligence with such a thing as a satanic conspiracy.  They
just look at you a little funny and with disbelief in a slightly sneering
manner.  They simply cannot understand it nor can they deal with such
issues.  Regardless, I refused to give in to the demands made upon me
concerning that matter.

         I elected to take my retirement soon after that confrontation
because I knew that I would never give in to any such pressure and decided
that I could best deal with it outside the system.  You can totally disarm
such a one when you step from under their direct control.  I chose to do
that rather than continue in the confrontation  a move which left these
school administrators completely disarmed.

       Indeed the "Newage Movement" is undeniably a Satanic Conspiracy
designed to capture the heart, soul and mind of our children, make no
mistake about it and those well intentioned educators did not have a clue
as  to what the problem was all about.  Do not ever believe this newage
influence is not even now prevalent in the schools across this nation and
around the world.  It is constantly in front of our children each Saturday
morning in the form of cartoons being beamed into our living rooms via way
of TV.   It is gradually creeping into our textbooks ever so subtly.  It is
being promoted by almost every segment of our society many of which do not
even recognize what is happening.  The Federal Government is either
knowingly or unknowingly promoting the "New World Order" as this nation
surrenders its sovereignty to world organizations.

      Under the guise of  anti-terrorist legislation, hate laws,
environmental laws etc.  the US Constitution is being gutted and given the
right time and situation do  not ever believe that these laws will not be
turned and used against law abiding  citizens and against Christians in
particularly.  I believe as firmly as I am sitting in front of this
computer  at this moment it is a matter of time before Christians will
literally be  persecuted in this nation.  Even now they are being
ridiculed, maligned and  portrayed as right wing extremist and this is but
a prelude to the coming  persecution.  It is a sad state of affair to see
our government moving  headlong into the hands of none other than Satan
himself .  Terrorism is  indeed despicable and no Christian will have any
part of it but we have  experienced only one or two major terrorist acts in
this nation in its  entire history, therefore, why do we want to so quickly
lay aside the  Constitution and destroy the God given rights of millions of
US citizens   under the guise of combating terrorism.  I submit to you that
there is a far  greater sinister force at work behind the scene and that
which we see  happening in this nation today is not to combat terrorism but
to move this  nation methodically toward acceptance of a "One World
Government".  My  fellow Americans, we had better wake up before we find
ourselves so locked  into this "world system" that there will be no turning
back.  We may well  have passed that point of no return even now.  If you
do not believe this  now just give it a few more years or perhaps months
and you will suddenly  wake up and realize that indeed the "one world
government" is upon us and  the wonderful freedoms we have long enjoyed in
this nation are a thing of  the past.

         I sense  in my spirit that a gradual darkness is even now
enveloping this nation and there seems so little that we can do about it
and  perhaps we can't for Bible prophecy indeed tells us that such a time
is  coming in this world.  There is even now only one recourse for us and
that  is to get into God's word and stand as we have never before stood
upon that  word and know that we have an unbreakable covenant with Jesus
Christ as  surety.  There is hope but only in God's word!  It will be found
in no other  place for indeed the "spirit of the Antichrist" is even now
engulfing the  world and no one can stand against it save those who know
who they are in  Jesus Christ and will stand unmoved upon God's Holy Word.
May God have  mercy on this nation!  If you doubt that this is happening
just take a look  at your child's textbooks especially in the area of
social studies.  Through  our social studies courses, the classrooms of
this nation are promoting  globalism and de-emphasizing patriotism or
nationalism.   This nation is  surrendering its national sovereignty to
world organizations. We are being  hit on every front through many
different organizations.  The overwhelming  majority of the environmental
groups are straight out of the pages of the  Newage Movement, although
there is nothing inherently wrong with concern for  the environment.  The
renewed interest in "animal rights" is another code  word in the Newage
Movement  to watch for, although no one believes that we  should mistreat
animal life.  There is something wrong when we spend  millions of dollars
to protect the "snail darter or the spotted owl" but  continue to brutally
butcher innocent babes through the abortion mills of  this nation.  Where
are our priorities?  Our children are being taught to  protect " Mother
Earth" and you can rest assured that whether the advocates  of such
"stupidity" know it or not this is purely "newage" rhetoric.   Where  did
it all get started?  What has brought us to such a place in the history  of
our nation?

The Origin Of The Newage

       In the last section of this series I discussed infiltration of the
Newage into our public schools in this nation.  Exactly what is the Newage
and how is it affecting this nation.  My own personal definition of the
Newage is that it is a satanic conspiracy whose purpose is to develop a one
world government with the expressed purpose of bringing the Antichrist to
power.  You will recall back near the beginning of time the story of Nimrod
and the tower of baal.  God looked down and saw an evil world beginning to
take form and realized that the people could do whatever evil came to mind
(paraphrase of course) and He came down and confused the language in order
to divide the "one world " into many different tongues and nations.  The
world has remained a world of many nations for some six thousand years but
today we see that this same evil is once again on the move and rapidly
becoming that "One World Government" over which the Antichrist shall
indeed rule during the last seven years of the period of time known as the
"Tribulation"  This is an anti-God move which is bent upon re-organizing
the  world under one government which is diametrically opposed to what God
did in  the beginning of time when He separated the people into many
different  tongues and nations, therefore, I submit to you that this a
satanic  conspiracy in the first degree.

       The Newage can,  however, be traced back even into eternity past
when  Lucifer rebelled against God and declared that he would become like
God.   Satan has never given upon his plan through the ages and has,
throughout the  history of man,  orchestrated  his plan which will come
into full fruition  during the Tribulation. Satan and his demonic hordes
have carefully laid  plans throughout the history of man which has even
today brought the world  to a point in time that he will make his final
push for total control just  before God takes him down.  Even today it
appears that he is winning the  battle for the heart and soul of mankind.
He has carefully worked to organize many world religions  in an effort to
make it appear that  Christianity is  just another  of many world
religions.  He has cultivated  an elite group of men throughout history who
are considered the great  thinkers of the day who  have  deceived the world
and through their "great  intellect" and mankind, in rebellion against God,
has bought into their lies  in the name of intellectualism.   These men
have ranged from those who  openly declare that there is no God to those
who  profess that there may be  a God but in this day of enlightenment they
really have no need for Him.   Since this kind of rhetoric is coming from
the intellectual elite, primarily  the think tanks and universities around
the world (Snobs is what they are in  reality) Satan has managed to get the
world to believe that the Christian is  the poor, dumb lack luster,
intellectually deficient, narrow minded, Bible  thumping, ignorant, soul
whose only purpose in life is to hold back progress.

       In the name of science, (intellectualism) Charles Darwin put forth
his ideas on  evolution and the world, without one bit of scientific
evidence, bought into this theory and almost over night  the "scientific
method" was trashed as the scholars of the nation and around the world
declared evolution fact.  The schools around the world have promoted this
theory as fact.  Charles Darwin realized that it was in fact un proven and
denounced it but Satan had his explanation for the origin of man before the
world and there was no stopping it.  No one has done more to promote
evolution than the public schools of America and it is a lie out of the pit
of hell, therefore, I , as a professional educator, have declared that the
public schools of this  nation are indeed nothing more than a tool of
Satan  designed to win the heart and soul of our children.  In recent years
we have  come so concerned about the Newage while evolution is the real
culprit and  we have just about accepted it along with the rest of the
world.

       As though this were not enough out of the great emphasis on
evolution  came yet another anti-godly philosophy known as humanism which
openly  declared that there is no God.  Even if one could refute my
contention that  the schools of this nation are teaching evolution as fact,
no one can deny  that our public schools are not filled with the humanist
influence.  Your  children and mine are being taught in the public schools
every day that  there is no God.  They may not come right and say or even
proclaim that but  humanism is an anti-godly philosophy.  Once the creation
was trashed by  evolution then man became the ultimate being answerable
only unto himself.   Out of this thinking came the corruption of the morals
of this nation as  situational ethics became the order of the day in the
public schools across  America promoted largely by John Dewy, author of the
first Humanist  Manifesto , and also known as the "father of progressive
education".  There  were many other intellectuals who helped to promote
the humanist movement  but I can't give credit to all who deserve it.  I
believe this strongly  enough that I now proclaim  that public education
has lost its right to  educate the youth of our  nation and if we as
parents do not reclaim that  right we will see many of our children in
hell.  Sorry but we no longer have  time to be polite to these intellectual
snobs whether it is the classroom  teacher or the great thinkers of the
day.

       The next logical step from evolution to humanism is from humanism to
the Newage which is a conspiracy orchestrated by none other than Satan
himself designed for the sole purpose of bringing the Antichrist to the
throne and we are even now well into that phase of the operation. Wake up
America!  Wake up Church!  Wake up parents! Patrick Buchanan has tried to
bring this message to America and America is falling into yet another trap
set by Satan as they come to accept the world wide assault upon Buchanan as
an extremist.  Alan Keys is trying to deliver a message along with a few
others. Still others have given lip service but I do not feel the
commitment which will be needed to combat this hideous evil. Perhaps I am
beginning to sound a little radical myself but it is time for someone who
understands what is going on to make it known to America! I  recognize
that a part of the "Body of Christ" is awake and alert but I fear that many
are completely "in the dark" and consider only economic issues to be
important. God's word clearly teaches "...Seek ye first the Kingdom of God
and all of these things will be added unto you..." It is time to move with
all speed to declare God's Word  for therein is our only hope but it is the
only hope we need!

       May God bless you, keep you and awaken you until the next time this
is Raymond Clarke, retired professional educator turned writer with great
love and concern for this nation and her children who are, I fear, being
led  like "lambs to the slaughter" while America sleeps.

A short Bio.
Raymond Clarke
1609 Lakeview Drive
NW Cullman, Alabama 35055
jodyc@python.viper.net

 I am a retired public school administrator having served thirty three
years in the Public Schools of Alabama.  I have served at nearly all levels
of education including the elementary and secondary level.  I have served
as an Assistant Superintendent of Education and have had limited experience
teaching and lecturing at the college level.  Although I was raised in a
Christian home I got far away from my up bringing and, to make a long story
short, I came to the point in my life when I decided that God probably did
not exist!  I came to believe that all of the answers to mankind's problems
could be resolved with the "right kind of education".  I enjoyed a
successful career in public education and some of  the programs with which
I was a part received national recognition.  I lectured to many college
classes in the Southeastern part of the nation.  But the longer I was in
public education I noticed that the problems of this nation only grew
worse.  No matter what we did thing got worse.  I came to the conclusion
that none of these problems could ever be resolved unless we could reach
the hearts of mankind.  The change must come from within and none other
than Jesus Christ can bring about such changes.  I have in recent years
become a sharp critic of public education and today believe that it may, in
fact, be one of the major problems of this  nation.  I am not saying that
education is not important, for indeed it is but when you come to the
conclusion that it is the answer then we are way off  base.   That is
exactly where I find myself today.

**********************************

WHY I BELIEVE THE PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE
by Alan Yusko

   I wrote this tract in light of all the confusion concerning the timing
of the rapture.  I believe the Scriptures support the  pre-tribulation
rapture and this tract will outline some of the reasons why.

   One thing that pre-trib, mid-trib, pre-wrath, and post-trib  rapture
folks all have in common....they all believe that the Lord Jesus is coming
back soon!  However the 'blessed hope' is only for those who believe in the
pre-tribulation rapture.  The other views unfortunately, are all waiting
for the anti-christ and not the Lord Jesus Christ.  They have lost their
blessed hope!  The other views are robbers to the Christian as they seek to
steal from the believer the imminent, soon, unknown, time & hope of the
rapture.

  Another thing the other views have in common.  They all viciously attack
the pretribulation rapture.  The goal is to disprove the pre-tribulation
rapture at all costs.  Each of the views contradict and disprove each other
but they are all strangely united in their attack of the pre-tribulation
rapture.

  The attacks have confused many Christians and caused some to forsake all
prophecy.  What a sad thing to happen!  Prophecy is a blessing and it
should be studied as about 1/4 of the Bible deals with prophecy in some
way.  Jesus rebuked the people of His day for not recognizing what was
written by the Old Testament Prophets.  They should have recognized all the
prophecies related to the Messaiah.  Today we are living in the days before
the Second Coming of Jesus.  How much more should we study and be
encouraged by the sure Word of prophecy in these troublesome days.

   In this tract I'll present several reasons why I believe in the
pre-tribulation rapture.


REASONS FOR THE PRE-TRIBULATION RAPTURE

*********
NUMBER 1     The 70 weeks of Daniel's prophecy.
*********    This is for Israel not the Church!

  All the other false views on the timing of the rapture have one thing in
common.  They don't understand that God has a plan for the Church and God
has a plan for Israel.  The Church is a mystery, a called out people
between the 69th and 70th week of Daniel's prophecy.

 Daniel   9
  24  Seventy weeks are determined upon THY PEOPLE and UPON THY HOLY  CITY,
to finish the transgression, and to make an end of sins, and  to make
reconciliation for iniquity, and to bring in everlasting  righteousness,
and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and to anoint the most Holy.

 **Note: notice that the 70 weeks are 'determined upon thy people and upon
thy holy city'.  This is the Jewish people of Israel and Jerusalem.  We
could stop right here as Daniel specifically says that the 70 weeks are for
Israel and not the Church.  The Church is a called out people between the
69th and 70th week.  To put the Church on earth during the 70th week is to
contradict Daniel above.

   Notice that 70 Weeks of years (490 years) are determined upon the
people of Israel to:
               - finish the transgression
               - to make an end of sins
               - to make reconciliation for iniquity
               - to bring in everlasting righteousness
               - to seal up the vision and prophecy
               - to annoint the most Holy  (The Lord Jesus in the
                 Millennial Kingdom)

    All this has NOT yet been fulfilled.  It will yet be fulfilled upon the
nation of Israel just like Daniel was told.  Lets continue on in the
prophecy:

 Daniel   9
  25  Know therefore and understand, [that] from the going forth of  the
commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem unto the Messiah  the Prince
[shall be] seven weeks, and threescore and two weeks:  the street shall be
built again, and the wall, even in troublous  times.
  26  And after threescore and two weeks shall Messiah be cut off,  but not
for himself: and the people of the prince that shall come  shall destroy
the city and the sanctuary; and the end thereof  [shall be] with a flood,
and unto the end of the war desolations  are determined.

   These verses are talking about the 7 weeks and 62 weeks of years  which
add up to 69 weeks.  At the end of the 69th week the Messiah will  be cut
off.  This happened at the cross of Calvary.  So all that is left is that
final week of 7 years.  For a more detailed explanation get a good prophecy
book that studies Daniel's 70 weeks.  (Hal Lindsey, Grant Jeffery, M.R.
Dehaan, Dwight Pentacost, J. Walvwood, Dave Hunt, Paul
LaLonde etc...)

    For a review:   Daniel said there was appointed 70 weeks of years  for
Israel to bring in all righteousness and setup Messaiah.  When Jesus
entered Jerusalem in His triumphal entry it marked the end of the 69 weeks.
So we are waiting for the 70th week to be fulfilled. This 70th week begins
when the anti-christ confirms a covenant with Israel for 7 years.  In the
middle of the week he will break his covenant and commit the abomination of
desolation.

  27  And he shall confirm the covenant with many for one week: and in the
midst of the week he shall cause the sacrifice and the  oblation to cease,
and for the overspreading of abominations he  shall make [it] desolate,
even until the consummation, and that  determined shall be poured upon the
desolate.

   Now between the 69th and the 70th week there is a time gap...commonly
refered to as the Church age.  Here it is graphically:

    69 Weeks of years                 Church age                70th week
  |-------------------------| ============================ |----------|
     483 years            |
                                +
                              The
                            Cross

   Points to consider:
        - The prophetic 70 weeks stopped at the rejection and
          death of the Lord Jesus Christ, The Messaiah.
        - That occured after 69 weeks or 483 years.
        - God has been using the Church (invisible body of Christ)
          during that time period.

  QUESTION:  What caused God's prophetic time-clock to stop ticking  after
69 weeks and what will cause it to resume at the 70th Week?

 Notice the following Scripture:

 2 Thessalonians   2
  3. Let no man deceive you by any means: for [that day shall not  come],
except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin  be revealed,
the son of perdition;
  4  Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God,  or
that is worshipped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of  God,
shewing himself that he is God.
  5  Remember ye not, that, when I was yet with you, I told you  these things?
  6  And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be revealed in  his time.
  7  For the mystery of iniquity doth already work: only he who now
letteth [will let], until he be taken out of the way.
  8  And then shall that Wicked be revealed, whom the Lord shall  consume
with the spirit of his mouth, and shall destroy with the  brightness of his
coming:
  9  [Even him], whose coming is after the working of Satan with all  power
and signs and lying wonders,

   God is currently restraining the anti-christ by His Holy Spirit working
in and through the Church (all the Spirit-reborn believers). When this
restrainer (The Church) is removed, then and only then may the anti-christ
be revealed so he can rise to power and confirm the covenant with Israel.
As long as that restrainer is in the world the anti-christ cannot come to
power...God's restrainer is preventing that. (2 Thess 2:7)

  None of the other rapture positions can give any account for what is
restraining the anti-christ.  To clear upany misconceptions I'll say  that
the Holy Spirit will NOT be removed from the world.  This is a  common
argument - based on lack of knowledge of the pre-trib rapture.   It is
usually given by those who say this 'proves' the pre-trib rapture  is
wrong.  But the pre-tribulation rapture does NOT state that the Holy
Spirit will be removed, but rather the Church will be removed.  How  can an
omni-present being be removed from anywhere?  It cannot be done. God the
Holy Spirit is omnipresent and will never cease to be anything less than
that.

  However in this Church age, God is restraining the Wicked One by His Holy
Spirit through the Church.  When the Church is removed the Holy Spirit will
still be here....but the restrainer won't!  At that point the anti-christ
will be free to rise to power and confirm that covenant with Israel to
start the 70th Week of Daniel.

  To restate, the 70th week is a prophetic week for the Nation of Israel.
The first 69 Weeks were for Israel and so it is with the 70th Week.  During
the 70th week God again deals with Israel and there is really no need for
the Church to be present on earth.

*********
NUMBER 2    The Wrath of God is NOT to be poured out on His Church.
*********
  Many scriptural promises of escape from the wrath of the Tribulation or
the 70th week of Daniel's prophecy must be ignored by the other rapture
positions.

  Verses like:

 Luke  21
  36  Watch ye therefore, and pray always, that ye may be  accounted worthy
to escape all these things that shall come to  pass, and to stand before
the Son of man.

 Romans 5:9
  9  Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved
from wrath through him.

 1 Thessalonians 1:10
  10  And to wait for his Son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead,
[even] Jesus, which delivered us from the wrath to come.

 1 Thessalonians 5:9
  9  For God hath not appointed us to wrath, but to obtain salvation by our
Lord Jesus Christ,

 Revelation 3:10
  10  Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will  keep
thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all  the world, to
try them that dwell upon the earth.

   THE ABOVE VERSES MUST BE IGNORED!  It is amazing how the Second Coming
will be like the Days of Noah and the Days of Lot.  Notice that God did not
pour out His wrath UNTIL He had safely removed both Noah and Lot to a safe
place.  The post tribbers ignore this and expect the Church, the Bride of
Christ to endure the full inpact of the Wrath of God....and the question is
WHY?  Why must the church endure the Wrath of God?  It just doesn't make
sense.

    To teach that the Church will go through the 70th week just doesn't
line up with the Bible.  During the 70th week the book of Revelation will
be fulfilled....with the seal judgments, trumpet judgments, and vial
judgments.  This is the WRATH of God and the Church has no part of it.

   Why should the Church go through the 70th week of Daniels prophecy when
that time is specifically for the nation of Israel and not the Church.  God
has made provision for Israel after the abomination of desolation.  They
are told to flee and there is a place prepared for them.  There is no such
provision for the Church...because the Church will not be here in the 70th
week.

 - God made provision for Noah and the flood.
 - God made provision for Lot at Sodom
 - God makes provision for Israel in the 70th week of Daniel.
 - There has been no provision for the Church to go thru the 70th week.
Why....no need as the Church will not be in the world at that time.

 After the rapture at the beginning of the 70th week God will seal 144,000
Jews.  The spotlight is again on the nation of Israel and these 144,000
will win an innumerable number of people to Christ. They will take over and
do the Commission the Church has done for the last 2000 years.  The Gospel
will go world-wide and everyone on earth will hear it!

  So why should the Church be in the 70th week?  There is really no reason
or purpose.  Today we have Christians in every major city....during the
wrath of God we will have pestilence, all the vegatation burned, all water
polluted and some say that it will not affect the Church?  Sorry I find
that hard to believe.

  A final point is that during the Church age the devil (gates of hell)
will not overcome the Church.  During the 70th week the devil WILL overcome
the tribulation saints.

*********
NUMBER 3     The coming of Jesus is imminent!  His coming will
*********            be at an UNKNOWN time and a KNOWN time.

 The other views destroys the doctrine of the imminent coming of Jesus.
Jesus is coming at an unknown time and believers are constantly being told
to watch and be ready in Scriptures.  All the other incorrect rapture views
deny the imminent coming of Jesus.

   These verses must be ignored - or destroyed by the other views. Notice
that the command is to watch because the time of the coming of Christ
cannot be known!  That is called imminence!...as it could happen TODAY!

 Matthew 24:36
  36  But of that day and hour knoweth no [man], no, not the angels of
heaven, but my Father only.
  37  But as the days of Noe [were], so shall also the coming of  the Son
of man be.
  38  For as in the days that were before the flood they were  eating and
drinking, marrying and giving in marriage, until the  day that Noe entered
into the ark,
  39  And knew not until the flood came, and took them all away;  so shall
also the coming of the Son of man be.
  40  Then shall two be in the field; the one shall be taken, and  the
other left.
  41  Two [women shall be] grinding at the mill; the one shall be  taken,
and the other left.
  42  WATCH THEREFORE: FOR YE KNOW NOT WHAT HOUR YOUR LORD DOTH  COME.
  43  But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in  what
watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would  not have
suffered his house to be broken up.
  44  Therefore be ye also ready: FOR IN SUCH AN HOUR AS YE THINK  NOT THE
SON OF MAN COMETH.

 Matthew 24:42
  42  WATCH THEREFORE: FOR YE KNOW NOT WHAT HOUR YOUR LORD DOTH  COME.
  43  But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in  what
watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would  not have
suffered his house to be broken up.
  44  Therefore be ye also ready: FOR IN SUCH AN HOUR AS YE THINK  NOT THE
SON OF MAN COMETH.

 Matthew 25:13
  13  Watch therefore, for ye know neither the day nor the hour  wherein
the Son of man cometh.

 Mark  13
  31  Heaven and earth shall pass away: but my words shall not  pass away.
  32  But of THAT DAY AND [that] HOUR KNOWETH NO MAN, no, not the  angels
which are in heaven, neither the Son, but the Father.
  33  Take ye heed, WATCH AND PRAY: for YE KNOW NOT WHEN THE TIME  IS.
  34  [For the Son of man is] as a man taking a far journey, who  left his
house, and gave authority to his servants, and to every  man his work, and
commanded the porter to watch.
  35  Watch ye therefore: for YE KNOW NOT WHEN the master of the  house
cometh, at even, or at midnight, or at the cockcrowing, or  in the morning:
  36  Lest coming suddenly he find you sleeping.
  37  And what I say unto you I say unto all, WATCH.

 Luke 12:36
  36  And ye yourselves like unto men that wait for their lord,  when he
will return from the wedding; that when he cometh and  knocketh, they may
open unto him immediately.
  37  Blessed [are] those servants, whom the lord when he cometh  shall
find watching: verily I say unto you, that he shall gird  himself, and make
them to sit down to meat, and will come forth  and serve them.
  38  And if he shall come in the second watch, or come in the  third
watch, and find [them] so, blessed are those servants.
  39  And this know, that if the goodman of the house had known  what hour
the thief would come, he would have watched, and not  have suffered his
house to be broken through.
  40  BE YE THEREFORE READY ALSO: FOR THE SON OF MAN COMETH AT AN  HOUR
WHEN YE THINK NOT.

 1 Thessalonians 5:1
  1. But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need  that I
write unto you.
  2  For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so  cometh as a thief in the night.
  3  For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden   destruction
cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child;  and they shall not
escape.
  4  But ye, brethren, are not in darkness, that that day should  overtake
you as a thief.
  5  Ye are all the children of light, and the children of the  day: we are
not of the night, nor of darkness.
  6. Therefore let us not sleep, as [do] others; but let us WATCH  AND BE SOBER.

 1 Peter 4:7
  7. BUT THE END OF ALL THINGS IS AT HAND: be ye therefore sober,  and
WATCH UNTO PRAYER.

  Now as you have read the above verses...let me ask you a question. Can
the time of the Second coming be known?  Can we know the exact day? ......
According to these verses the answer is NO!  We cannot know the exact day
of the return of Christ.  Jesus is coming at an UNKNOWN time!

  The UNKNOWN DAY of Jesus' return:....the rapture:  We will not know when
the rapture will occur.  It is an imminent event ... which means it could
happen at any time.  No prophecy needs to be fulfilled before it happens.

  In light of the UNKNOWN day there is also a KNOWN DAY of Jesus' return.
Did you know that after certain prophetic events the exact day of Jesus's
return can be marked on a calendar.  Did you also know that you cannot have
a KNOWN day of Jesus's coming and an UNKNOWN day of His coming...on the
same day?  The UNKNOWN day is the rapture and the KNOWN day will occur at
the end of the 70th week where Jesus will setup His kingdom on earth.  Read
on for more information about the KNOWN day.

 Daniel 9:27
  27  And he shall confirm the covenant with many for ONE WEEK:  and in the
MIDST OF THE WEEK he shall cause the sacrifice and the  oblation to cease,
and for the overspreading of abominations he  shall make [it] desolate,
even until the consummation, and that  determined shall be poured upon the
desolate.

       ONE WEEK = 7 YEARS
       MIDST OF WEEK = 7 years divided by 2 = 3 1/2 years

 Daniel 12:7
  7  And I heard the man clothed in linen, which [was] upon the  waters of
the river, when he held up his right hand and his left  hand unto heaven,
and sware by him that liveth for ever that [it  shall be] for a TIME,
TIMES, AND A HALF; and when he shall have  accomplished to scatter the
power of the holy people, all these  [things] shall be finished.

     TIMES, TIMES, AND A HALF = 3 1/2 YEARS

 Revelation 12:6
  6  And the woman fled into the wilderness, where she hath a  place
prepared of God, that they should feed her there a thousand  two hundred
[and] threescore days.

      AGAIN 3 1/2 YEARS

 Revelation 12:14
  14  And to the woman were given two wings of a great eagle, that  she
might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she is  nourished for
a time, and times, and half a time, from the face  of the serpent.

      AGAIN 3 1/2 YEARS

 Revelation 13:5
  5  And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things  and
blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty  [and] two
months.

      AGAIN 3 1/2 YEARS
NOTE: *** a prophetic week is 360 days ***

                             Midst of week

 |              Dan 12:6,7       | <----------3 1/2 yrs------------ |
 |              Rev 13:5          | <------- 42 months------------ |
 |              Rev 12:6          | <------- 1260 days ----------- |
 |
 |<-------------------------------|--------------------------------|
                         7 years: 1 week (Dan 9:27)               Jesus
                                                                  Returns

  The KNOWN day:  Once the 70th week of Daniel, or the time of Jacobs
trouble begins we can easily tell the exact day when Jesus will return.
Once the antichrist and Israel sign the covenant we know that in exactly 7
years Christ will return.  In the midst of the week (3 1/2 years) the
antichrist commits the abomination of desolation.  From that point in time
we know there is: 3 1/2 years left, or 42 months left, or 1260 days left.
At this point the coming of Christ is KNOWN.  So what do we do with all the
verses that say His coming is UNKNOWN?  Throw them out?  Of course not!

   NOW in light of all this information about the KNOWN day and the UNKNOWN
DAY we can think this through.  Since the incorrect views put the rapture
sometime after the 70th week begins, they have lost the unknown day.  All
the verses that say that the coming of Christ will occur at an unknown time
must be thrown out.  If I am here then when the antichrist signs the
covenant with Israel then I know that in exactly 7 years Jesus will return.
You can be assured that I will mark my calendar!...and count the days!

  If by chance I miss the beginning of the 70th week, I won't miss the
abomination of desolation in the middle of the 70th week. At that point I
know that in exactly 1260 days Jesus will return. You see I've lost the
unknown day because I can mark the day on my calendar.  I may as well throw
all those UNKNOWN coming verses out. There is no problem with the
pre-tribulation view on the rapture. The rapture will occur at an unknown
time sometime before Daniels 70th week begins.  At that point the Church is
taken to heaven and with the restrainer removed the antichrist may come to
power.  There an UNKNOWN day and a KNOWN day at the end of the 70th week.
We have perfect harmonizing of Scripture with the Pre-tribulation
rapture....the correct view.  With the all the other incorrect rapture
views we have to throw out the Scriptures related to the UNKNOWN day.

To repeat:
   Since the false rapture views believes the rapture will occur sometime
after the 70th week then why the command to WATCH and be READY?  In the
verses above the exhortation is to WATCH, WATCH, WATCH, and be ready!   Why
WATCH if the rapture will not occur until the end of the 70th week.  Why
bother watching for the coming of Jesus? Why not wait until you are in the
70th week to begin the watch.  Human nature being what it is, that is what
most people will do.  So not only does the incorrect rapture views rob the
Christian of the Blessed Hope of Christ coming to take him from the world
before God judges it....he has no purifying incentive in lifestyle.  Jesus
cannot come today so why live in Holy expectation of His coming? However
the pre-tribulation view has a great BLESSED HOPE looking for the coming of
Jesus at an UNKNOWN time....that time could be today!!!!!  Since the time
is unknown and it COULD be today this is a purifying hope also....and
encourages Holy living.

 Titus 2:13
  13  Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the
great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;

 The post/mid/pre-wrath robs the believer of both the blessed imminent
expectation of the believer and the purifying hope of Christ's return which
could happen today!  These views are a robber. Another way these incorrect
rapture views robs from the blessed hope is... if the Church has to go
through the 70th week it doesn't have much to look forward to.  There will
be 7 seal judgments, 7 trumpet judgments, and 7 bowl judgments.  During
that time all the vegation will be burned up, all the water will be
polluted and turned to blood, the sun will scorch men, there will be
massive earthquakes that shake every city in the world, and 100 pound
hailstones.  Now for the average person looking forward to going through
that....we don't have a hope but rather a dread and something to be feared.
Then as a result of God judging the world there will be massive death and
not many men will make it to the end...maybe only several million as
opposed to 6+ billion currently living.  What a 'hope' these views
offers... almost certain death as God judges the world with His bride it
it. Then they have the nerve to call those who believe in the
Pre-tribulation rapture as an 'escape' theology.  God has promised an
escape from His Wrath and Judgment for His people and these false views
make a mockery of that promise.  This does not make sense to me!!...or to
the intelligent person who thinks it through.

**********
NUMBER 4     Populating the Millenium: and Post-tribbers
**********
   Lets draw the picture here.  We are at the end of the Tribulation and
Jesus is coming.  At this point the post-trib wrath rapture happens and all
Gods people are raptured and given new immortal bodies.  The wicked are
left to be judged by God...  So we have all God's people removed from the
earth...and all the wicked left.  Now the question is:  who will populate
the nations of the millenium?  The fatal error is that there is no one left
to populate the nations of the millenium if the rapture happens at the
Second Coming.

  If the rapture occurs according to pre-wrath or post-trib we have a
problem.  Maybe you can answer that little problem....If all God's people
are raptured at the end of the Tribulation at the 2nd coming of
Jesus...then who will populate the millenium?  Surely not the wicked..  You
see the folks with the truth of the pre-tribulation rapture don't have any
problem populating the millenium with mortals...but the post trib view
does.

  This is a nasty problem for the incorrect rapture views.  You see if all
of God's people are raptured at the very end when Jesus returns that leaves
only the wicked left.  The wicked will all be destroyed at the coming of
Jesus...so you have a problem.  Who will populate the millenium?  If the
rapture occurs at the 2nd Coming all of God's people will have their
immortal bodies and they will not marry, have children etc...so they cannot
be the ones who populate the millenium and have children etc.  Some of
course try to argue that the wicked will inherit the Kingdom of God.  What
foolishness to lower oneself in order to defend an incorrect doctrine.

 2 Thessalonians   1
  7  And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus shall be
revealed from heaven with his mighty angels,
  8  In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God,  and that
obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ:

  Notice that ALL those who are not saved will be destroyed.  By that time
men will have accepted or rejected Jesus.  So I repeat at the second coming
of Jesus...all the wicked (Christ rejectors) are destroyed and all Gods
people are raptured (according to post) then there is no one left to
populate the millenium.

Lets dig a bit deeper about the lost inheriting the Kingdom:

   Will the Christ rejectors inherit the Kingdom...in other words the
wicked.  Sorry that will not happen.  By the end of the 70th week all
mankind will have chosen sides either for or against Christ.

   Again no problem with the pre trib view as there will be tribulation
saints that will survive to the very end of the 70th week. The survivors of
the tribulation saints will go into the Kingdom and not the wicked who will
be destroyed.  These saints will have children who must choose to accept or
reject Jesus.  As in every dispensational age sinful man has failed and at
the end there will be many who have rejected Christ.

  However if the rapture happens when Jesus returns you have no one to
populate the kingdom.  Problem for post trib and pre-wrath...no problem for
pre tribulation.

  For those who are still not convinced and think the unsaved may inherit
the kingdom of God....here are some verses that say it all:

 Psalms 2:12
  12  Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and ye perish [from] the  way, when
his wrath is kindled but a little. Blessed [are] all  they that put their
trust in him.

 Zephaniah 3:9
  9  For then will I turn to the people a pure language, that they  may all
call upon the name of the LORD, to serve him with one  consent.

 Malachi 4:1
  1. For, behold, the day cometh, that shall burn as an oven; and  all the
proud, yea, and all that do wickedly, shall be stubble:  and the day that
cometh shall burn them up, saith the LORD of  hosts, that it shall leave
them neither root nor branch.

 Matthew 13:41
  41  The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall  gather
out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which  do iniquity;

 Matthew 24:51
  51  And shall cut him asunder, and appoint [him] his portion  with the
hypocrites: there shall be weeping and gnashing of  teeth.

 Matthew 25:12
  12  But he answered and said, Verily I say unto you, I know you  not.

 Matthew 25:30
  30  And cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness:  there
shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.

 Luke 17:29
  29  But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire  and
brimstone from heaven, and destroyed [them] all.

 Luke 17:27
  27  They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were  given in
marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark,  and the flood came,
and destroyed them all.

 Luke 17:32
  32  Remember Lot's wife.
  33  Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it; and  whosoever
shall lose his life shall preserve it.

 1 Thessalonians 5:3
  3  For when they shall say, Peace and safety; then sudden  destruction
cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child;  and they shall not
escape.

 2 Thessalonians 1:7
  7  And to you who are troubled rest with us, when the Lord Jesus  shall
be revealed from heaven with his mighty angels,
  8  In flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God,  and that
obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ:


*********
NUMBER 5
*********

 The other tribulation views allows no time for the Judgment Seat of
Christ, the Marriage of the Lamb, and the Marriage Supper to occur.

   The Judgment seat of Christ:
   ----------------------------

 Romans 14:10
  10  But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at  nought
thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment  seat of Christ.

 2 Corinthians 5:10
  10  For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ;  that
every one may receive the things [done] in [his] body,  according to that
he hath done, whether [it be] good or bad.

 1 Corinthians 3:9
  9  For we are labourers together with God: ye are God's  husbandry, [ye
are] God's building.
  10  According to the grace of God which is given unto me, as a  wise
masterbuilder, I have laid the foundation, and another  buildeth thereon.
But let every man take heed how he buildeth  thereupon.
  11. For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which  is
Jesus Christ.
  12  Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver,  precious
stones, wood, hay, stubble;
  13  Every man's work shall be made manifest: for the day shall  declare
it, because it shall be revealed by fire; and the fire  shall try every
man's work of what sort it is.
  14  If any man's work abide which he hath built thereupon, he  shall
receive a reward.
  15  If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss: but he
himself shall be saved; yet so as by fire.

 1 Corinthians 4:5
  5  Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come,  who
both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and  will make
manifest the counsels of the hearts: and then shall  every man have praise
of God.

The Wedding and Marriage Supper of the Lamb follows the Judgment seat (Rev
19:7-9).  This occurs BEFORE the second coming which is recorded in Rev
19:11-21.

 Revelation 19:7
  7  Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the  marriage
of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself  ready.
  8  And to her was granted that she should be arrayed in fine  linen,
clean and white: for the fine linen is the righteousness  of saints.
  9  And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed [are] they which are  called unto
the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto  me, These are the true
sayings of God.

   Only the Pre-Trib position allows sufficient time for these events to
occur.  You see believers will be in heaven at least 7 years before the
second coming of Christ...lots of time for the Judgment seat, the Wedding,
and Marriage Supper.

********
NUMBER 6      24 Elders:  Representative of the GLORIFIED Church
********

  Here is a description of the 24 Elders:

 Revelation 4:1
  1. After this I looked, and, behold, a door [was] opened in  heaven: and
the first voice which I heard [was] as it were of a  trumpet talking with
me; which said, Come up hither, and I will  shew thee things which must be
hereafter.
  2  And immediately I was in the spirit: and, behold, a throne  was set in heaven, and [one] sat on the throne.
  3  And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine  stone:
and [there was] a rainbow round about the throne, in sight  like unto an
emerald.
  4  And ROUND ABOUT THE THRONE [were] four and twenty seats: and  upon the
seats I saw four and twenty elders sitting, clothed in  WHITE RAIMENT; and
they had on THEIR HEADS CROWNS OF GOLD.
    - location is around the throne
    - Wearing White Raiment which is a promise to the Church
    - They had crowns of Gold on their heads indicating that
      the judgement seat of Christ has already occured and His
      Church has been rewarded

  5  And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings  and
voices: and [there were] seven lamps of fire burning before  the throne,
which are the seven Spirits of God.
  6  And before the throne [there was] a sea of glass like unto  crystal:
and in the midst of the throne, and round about the  throne, [were] four
beasts full of eyes before and behind.
  7  And the first beast [was] like a lion, and the second beast  like a
calf, and the third beast had a face as a man, and the  fourth beast [was]
like a flying eagle.
  8. And the four beasts had each of them six wings about [him];  and [they
were] full of eyes within: and they rest not day and  night, saying, Holy,
holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which was,  and is, and is to come.
  9  And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him  that
sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,
  10  The four and twenty elders fall down before him that sat on  the
throne, and worship him that liveth for ever and ever, and  cast their
crowns before the throne, saying,
  11  Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and  power: for
thou hast created all things, and for thy pleasure  they are and were
created.

 Revelation 5:8
  8  And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four  [and] twenty
elders fell down before the Lamb, having every one  of them harps, and
golden vials full of odours, which are the  prayers of saints.

    - They are kings and priests before God.  Another promise to
      God's Church

  9  And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the  book,
and to open the seals thereof: for thou wast slain, and  hast redeemed us
to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and  tongue, and people, and
nation;
  10  And hast made us unto our God kings and priests: and we  shall reign
on the earth.
  11  And I beheld, and I heard the voice of many angels round  about the
throne and the beasts and the elders: and the number of  them was ten
thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of  thousands;
  12  Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain  to
receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and  honour, and
glory, and blessing.
  13  And every creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and  under
the earth, and such as are in the sea, and all that are in  them, heard I
saying, Blessing, and honour, and glory, and power,  [be] unto him that
sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb for  ever and ever.
  14  And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four [and] twenty  elders
fell down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and
  ever.

-  They have crowns on their heads.   Only the Church will receive and wear
crowns which they will then throw at the feet of the Lord Jesus in worship.
The fact that they are wearing crowns indicate that the Judgment Seat of
Christ has already occurred.  This alone refutes the other incorrect views
on the timing of the rapture and proves the pre-tribulation position as
correct.

 Some more points proving that the 24 elders represent the Church:

-  They are numbered (24).  On the other hand angels are never numbered

-  Their position suggests that they represent the Church.  They are seated
on thrones surrounding the Throne of God.  God gave the promise to His
Church that she would reign with Him. Here are some promises the Lord Jesus
gave to His people related to reigning with Him:

 Revelation 3:21
  21  To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my  throne,
even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father  in his throne.

 Matthew 19:28
  28  And Jesus said unto them, Verily I say unto you, That ye  which have
followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of man  shall sit in the
throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon  twelve thrones, judging the
twelve tribes of Israel.

-  They have white raiment again suggesting the Church.  The white rainment
represents the righteousness that has been imputed to the believer as a
result of what Jesus did on the cross.

 Revelation   3
  5  He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white  raiment; and I
will not blot out his name out of the book of  life, but I will confess his
name before my Father, and before  his angels.

-  They have a priestly ministry:  They have "harps and golden vials full
of odours, which are the prayers of the saints." (Rev 5:8)

  This concludes this section.  I think there is enough evidence to suggest
that the 24 Elders represent the Church.  The fact that they have crowns on
their heads proves the Beama seat judgment has already occurred.  Only the
Church is promised crowns in Scripture and in Revelation Chapter 4 they are
wearing those crowns!  If that is true, which it is, then the rapture must
have already happened!

OTHER POINTS

  Here are a few additional points to consider related to the timing of the
rapture.

=======
POINT 1
=======
 The other incorrect rapture views cannot explain why the church is so
prominent in Revelation chapters 1-3, yet so totally absent during the
wrath portion (Chapters 6-18)

    The obvious reason is the Church is not on the earth.

    Again the question arises?  Why must the Church endure the wrath of
God?  The Seal, Trumpet, and Vial judgments will decimate the planet and
there is no purpose at all for the Church to be here during that time.  The
70th week, The Time of Jacobs Trouble is for the nation of Israel.

=======
POINT 2
=======
  Trumpet errors.  The post/mid trib view tries to make the trumpet in
1Corthians & 1Thessalonians 4 the same as the trumpets in Revelation &
matthew 24.  They get really hung up on the trumpets trying to prove the
last trumpet is all the same: in Matthew 24 &  Revelation, and 1
Corinthians.

  The trumpet error has lots of holes in it.  For example the trumpet Paul
is talking about in 1 Cor 15:52 is a trumpet of blessing directly blown for
the church.  It is associated with great blessing for the Church.   Also in
1 Cor 15:51 Paul states that this is a mystery....something new...not
revealed.  At the trumpet in Matthew 24...men will hide and be fearful as
Jesus is returning in judgment.  The last trumpet in Revelation is a
trumpet of judgement. Clearly different trumpets...unless you want to
twist, twist, and bend the Scriptures a bit.

  The incorrect assumption made is that there is only one kind of trumpet
blast.  This is a bad assumption.  There are trumpets of judgment in
Revelation.  Who says the trumpet calls for Israel, The Church, and the
judgments of Revelation are the same type and trumpet????  Only be
streeeeeeeching the Scriptures can those trumpets be linked into the same
trumpet blowing.

THE TRUMPET IN REVELATION IS NOT THE SAME AS THE ONE IN MATTHEW 24

 In the book of Revelation the 7th angel sounds and the call is made that
the kingdoms of this world become Christs'.  BUT we still have the 7 bowl
judgments to be poured out on the earth.  This is also a proof that we have
a different trumpet than the one in Corinthians and in Matthew. When the
one in Matthew sounds, Jesus is seen by all on earth as He returns (Matt
24:30).  Matthew 24 does not have the bowl judgments as they have already
occured...Jesus is returning to earth and everyone will see Him coming.
But when the last trumpet sounds in Revelation, this signals the beginning
of the bowl judgments. Clearly a different trumpet from the one in Matthew
24.

 This is proof positive that the trumpets are DIFFERENT.  All those who try
to twist the trumpets into their incorrect views of the rapture are
standing on very shakey ground. (Earthquake!!)

========
POINT 3     No resurrection in Matthew chapter 24
=======
RESSURECTION IN MATT 24???  When Jesus returns....Not in My Bible! But that
is what I have been told by some followers of the incorrect views of the
rapture.

  Where is the resurrection in Matthew 24?  There is clearly no
resurrection in Matthew 24...in fact if you look at Matt 25 you will see a
separation of Sheep and goats rather than a resurrection. Matthew chapter
25 follows right after Matthew 24 and should not be ignored OR 'ignored by
spiritualization'.

 Matthew  25
  31. When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels
with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his  glory:
  32  And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall  separate
them one from another, as a shepherd divideth [his]  sheep from the goats:
  33  And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats  on the left.

  Notice that after Jesus returns in Matthew 24 there is a sheep and goat
separation in Matthew 25.  This is not necessary if the rapture happens
according to the post trib view.  The separation would have already
occurred at the rapture.  There is no problem with the pre-trib view as the
rapture would have happened before Daniel's 70th week and the separation of
the survivers of the Tribulation in Matt 25 makes perfect sense.

  Another point is if the resurrection occurs in Matthew 24 they why bother
separating the sheep from the goats in Matthew 25..the rapture would have
done that?  To have a resurrection in Matthew 24 just doesn't make sense or
line up with the Bible OR Matthew 25.

  Another thing I have been told is that the elect in Matthew 24 are the
Church.  Where does it say the elect He gathers are the Church in Matthew
24 and not tribulation saints or Israel?  Some claim the term 'the elect'
only refers to the Church.  They are probably the same ones who claim all
the last trumpets are the same.  The elect can be Israel, or the
tribulation saints, or the Church.

   CONCLUSION:
   ***********
  Many times when talking to the adherents of the incorrect rapture views I
hear this death question.

CLASSIC STUPID QUESTION

If a day comes in your lifetime when there is a mark given on the
right hand or on the forehead, without which you cannot buy or sell
anything, will you receive that mark?...or die?

   This is a really stupid question ... a standard one given by the
followers of the incorrect rapture view.  This is not the first time I have
heard it.

  It shows the following:

    - These people cannot tell the difference between the tribulation that
the Church has experienced for the last 2000 years and the tribulation of
the 70th week of Daniels prophecy for Israel. Try picking up and reading
Foxes Book of Martyr's and read about some 'tribulation' that the church
has experienced in days past.  Do a few studies on the current persecution
of the Church in China, Russia, Mexico and other places.

    -  It assumes a bloodbath in the 70th week for all believers. It is a
death question...a what-if that will not happen to the Church because of
the pre trib rapture.  It will however happen to the tribulation saints.
Why would God send His loved bride into the 70th week and into the
bloodbath?  There is no reason at all and certainly has no part of the
'blessed hope'.  The blessed hope of these incorrect views is the bloodbath
of the 70th week of Daniels prophecy which is...certain death.

   - If these people have a martyr complex then why wait until the
tribulation of the 70th week.  Why not go to Saudi Arabia and preach the
Gospel...or go to Tehran and hand out Gospel tracts? I guarantee you will
get your desired results TODAY!  Prove you do not wish to 'escape
tribulation'.

  For those reasons there is no reason to answer a question that is
doctrinally incorrect....and just downright stupid.

To conclude:

  In this tract we have looked at the fact that the 70 weeks of Daniels
prophecy is for Israel and not the Church.  We saw that the wrath of God is
not to be poured out on His beloved Church.  Also, there is no reason for
the Church to be on earth during Daniels 70th week.  We showed that there
was a KNOWN day of Christ's return and an UNKNOWN day which is the rapture.
We looked at the problem of populating the millenium.  This alone refutes
the post tribulation view as they leave no one alive on earth but the
wicked to populate the 1000 year reign of Christ.  We also had a peek at
the Judgment seat of Christ, the marriage, and the 24 elders in Revelation
who are representative of the glorified & rewarded Church.  We covered a
few other points but surely enough evidence has been given to show that the
pre-tribulation view is Scriptural and is the only view that harmonizes
with the entire prophetic picture.

  Why stop here?  There are lots of good books that give Scriptural
references to the pre-tribulation rapture.  Authors like Dwight Pentecost,
John Walvwood, Hal Lindsey, Grant Jefferies, and Dave Hunt,  Paul LaLonde
give lots more reasons for the pre-tribulation rapture.

 Here is some points to study or ponder in light of what you have read:

   - What about the KNOWN day and the UNKNOWN day of Jesus' coming?

   - Study Daniels prophecy about the 70 weeks to ISRAEL.  The post trib,
mid-trib, pre-wrath all make the same error.  They cannot tell the
difference between God's plan for Israel and the Church which is a mystery
and a called out people between the 69th and 70th week.

   - Have a look at the 24 elders in Revelation

         - Notice they have crowns & sit on Thrones etc...
         - Sounds like the Judgment seat of Christ has occurred.
         - Who else but the Church will wear crowns? (no one)

  - Think thru the 'who will populate the millenium' problem. The post trib
leaves no saved mortals after the 'rapture' to inherit the Kingdom of God
and populate the nations.  The pre-trib leaves the saved, unresurrected
Tribulation saints who will go into the millenium, have children etc.

The Seed Sowers BBS and home of SON-NET Bible network (416) 498-5259/5962
This tract may be freely copied/printed and distributed in any means
possible.  The only restriction is that it not be changed.

*********************

Prophe-Zine's News Bites, Issue #16

Update: World Religion
By: The New American
March 18, 1996

    The San Francisco Chronicle reports that "Bishop William Swing's
proposal for a 'United Religions' headquarters at the Presidio will reach a
new stage [in February] when the San Francisco Episcopalian embarks on an
ambitious round-the-world pilgrimage to sign up spiritual leaders from
Rome to Dharmasala.

    Swing is collaborating in this effort with the World Conference on
Religion and Peace, the Gorbachev Foundation, and private foundations
(which he declined to identify). He is proposing to build a "United
Religions" (UR) complex -- consisting of a "Ha ll of Speaking", "Hall of
listening", "Hall of Action " and "Hall of Meeting" at the Presidio site
now occupied by the Letterman Hospital high-rise building.

    "This is not about creating one big religion. This is about inviting
religions to be responsible for global good " Swing insists. "Up to now the
world's religions have been co-opted by tribes and ethnic groups and end up
in murderous postures that vio late the teachings they inherited." The UP
would dispatch "conflict-resolution teams" to areas "where religious
extremism leads to violence."

    Swing presently plans to hold an interfaith summit conference in San
Francisco from June 24th-28th with the objective of holding a
charter-signing ceremony for the new organization.

++++++++++++++++++++++

Update: Bio-metrics

Breakthrough Fingerprint Technology
From: RSmith1996@aol.com

Revolutionary Automated Fingerprint Identification Machine (AFIM)

International Automated Systems, Inc. of American Fork, Utah has developed
a truly revolutionary and unique Fingerprint Identification system that is
inexpensive, easy to install, simpleto operate, reliable and accurate and
can be integrated into virtually any security system.  Other fingerprint
technologies can=C6t compete with the AFIM because they lack 4 crucial
features of the AFIM:

1. The unique AFIM lens  -  The AFIM=C6s unique lens will pick up only the
ridges of a fingerprint.  It will not register color or shades of color.
Therefore, skin pigment or an artificial print such as a photocopy or a
picture, cannot deceive the unit.

2.  Fingerprint reconstructing capabilities:  - A person=C6s fingerprint is
exposed to more daily wear and tear than other parts of the human body.
Unlike other identification technologies, the AFIM simulates an artificial
intelligence by automatically reconstructing a weathered, cut or worn print
to a familiar state.

3.  Digital Fingerprint information can be stored onto a card: - The
AFIM=C6s ability to store a fingerprint onto a magnetic-stripe card creates
tremendous advantages over other identification machines. These cards are
in universal use and extremely inexpensive.  Other types of cards can cost
from 3,000 to 4,000% more than a simple magnetic stripe card.  Thus, the
AFIM can be easily and quickly implemented into the current market.

4.  Micro-adjustable precision:  -  The AFIM=C6s print comparison can be
pre-calibrated to be more or less meticulous.  Thus, the machine can
accomodate various applications and circumstances.

Simply put, the AFIM requires that the actual card owner to be present
before access to a particular area or application is admitted.  It can
function in any capacity and irrefutably satisy the highest degree of
security without sacrificing user convenience.

SPECIFICATIONS

Dimensions:     8.5 in x 6.9 in x 7.2 in
Weight:         6.75 lbs.
Methods of usage:       Unlimited but include Time Clock, Computer File
Access, Door Access, Proprietary Cards, Any ID verification.
Encryption time:        Between 10 and 20 seconds.
Verification time:      Between 3 and 7 seconds with Pentium 90 processor.
Accuracy:    0.01% Projected, 5% guaranteed False Acceptance
Rate 0.1% Projected, 2% guaranteed False = Rejection Rate
Interface Data: ASCII Code Output, Network Capabilities
Serial Ports:   One RS232 Serial Port

For more information about this product, please contact

IAS Enterprises
5271 West Early Duke Dr.
Salt Lake City, Utah 84120
lorenp@aros.net

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Update: Russian News

 OMRI DAILY DIGEST
 No. 55, Part I, 18 March 1996
 pages: http://www.omri.cz/Index.html

DUMA DENOUNCES BELOVEZHSK ACCORDS.
The Russian State Duma passed a Communist-sponsored resolution, by a vote
of 250-98, renouncing the RSFSR Supreme Soviet decision of 12 December 1991
to abrogate the 1922  treaty forming the USSR, Russian and Western media
reported on 15 March. The Duma then passed a second resolution, 252-33 with
five abstentions, affirming the "legal force" of the 17 March 1991
referendum on the preservation of the USSR, in which 71% of those voting in
Russia supported retaining the union. Together, the Duma resolutions assert
that the USSR legally continues to exist, and reject the December 1991
Belovezhsk accords that formed the CIS. The Communist Party of the Russian
Federation, the Agrarian Party, and the Popular Power faction supported the
resolution. Yabloko, Our Home Is Russia, and several members of the Russian
Regions faction opposed it. Repeated attempts to push similar resolutions
through the previous Duma had failed. -- Scott Parrish

 REACTION TO DUMA DENUNCIATION. President Boris Yeltsin immediately
denounced the Duma resolutions as "scandalous" and unconstitutional,
Russian and Western media reported on 15 March. The president accused the
Communists of attempting to torpedo the June presidential elections by
triggering an international crisis. Yeltsin's representative to the Duma,
Aleksandr Kotenkov, said the resolution lacks legal force, as the earlier
decision to dissolve the USSR can only be repealed by a new federal law,
requiring passage by both houses of the Federal Assembly and signature by
the president. Following negative international reaction, Yeltsin ordered
Foreign Minister Yevgenii Primakov to inform foreign states and
international organizations that the Duma resolution would not affect
Russia's international obligations. The U.S. and Germany also criticized
the resolution. In Moscow, liberal commentators said it demonstrated the
"opportunism" and "hypocrisy" of the Communist- led opposition. -- Scott
Parrish

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Update: Bio-Chip Technology

Eagle Eye is the developer of a wrist-watch sized mobile satellite
terminal. We are designing our equipment to be compatible with mobile
satellite communication systems such as Odyssey and Globalstar. The Odyssey
System is under development by TRW and Teleglobe. The Globalstar systems is
under development by Loral and Qualcomm.

Eagle Eye was awarded on Nov. 1, 1995 a Phase II Small Business Innovative
Research contract to develop our wrist-watch terminal (The Eagle Eye Tag).
The contract was awarded by the Advanced Research Projects Agency / U.S.
Department of Defense. The technical monitor on the project is Mr. Stan
Smith, U.S. Army Space and Strategic Defense Command, Huntsville, Alabama
(1-205-955-1666).

The Eagle Eye Tag is designed to allow a previously tagged person or object
to be located via satellite upon demand anywhere in the world.

Applications include tracking Alzheimer's patients, children, executives,
probationers and parolees, military personnel, shipping containers, and
vehicles. The system works using bent-pipe communication satellites.

For more information about Eagle Eye Technologies, Inc., contact Matthew
Schor at mschor@eagle-eye-tech.com. or at:
                  Eagle Eye Technologies, Inc.
                  2417 Mill Heights Drive
                  Herndon, Virginia 22071
                  USA
                  Phone: +1 703-742-8037
                  FAX: +1 703-742-4045

+++++++++++++++++++++++

Police against the New World Order
By: Jeff McLamb

We have been developing a new web location in which the focus is informing
as many people as possible about what is really going on around them with
our government and the new world order.

http://www.goodnet.com/~vampkil/

The pages are still under development but are about 60 percent done.

We have pages planned for all kinds of interesting stuff; including
freebies, links to other related pages, catalogs for patriotic material,
letters from police and officers that are taking a stand to the government
and saying NO to violating our GOD given constitutional rights, updates on
how things are really going (the good things you just don't hear on  the
news), and much much more.

But what I would really like from you, is to come check it and  PLEASE give
us your feedback on what we can do to make this a site that will best serve
as a tool for informing the public about what is Really  happening.

Please tell us what you would like to see there.  We can't have enough
patriot Web sites.

Any constructive feedback will be appreciated.  Every one of the web pages
has a link to send email to the author.  You may use the web link or reply
to vampkil@goodnet.com for feedback.

Thanks,
Jeff McLamb
http://www.goodnet.com/~vampkil/

+++++++++++++++++++++++

ELEMENTS OF PROOF:  A Plot to Overthrow the Constitution and erect a
centralized, soviet-style government on ruins of the Republic.
By: Archibald E Roberts

Fatal steps which transformed the Republic into a dictatorship of the
financial elite are set out in the following Congressional statutes,
executive orders and proclamations which trace a seditious conspiracy of
interlocking subversion in government departments during the period 16
October 1968 to 20 October 1972.  (Many important supplementary statutes
and regulations omitted for reasons of space.)

FATAL STEP NUMBER ONE... 16 October 1968 - Public Law 90-577, 90th
Congress, S.698, "Intergovernmental Cooperation Act of 1968", "To Achieve
the fullest cooperation and continuation of activities among the levels of
government .. to establish coordinated intergovernmental policy and
administration .. to provide for the acquisition, use, and disposition of
land within the urban areas by Federal agencies."

Public Law 90-577 destroyed the separation of powers which is the principle
of the US Constitution.  By its Title IV the US Congress purported to yield
legislative power to the President.  He, in turn, allegedly transferred
that law-making power to his appointed directors in the grant-making
agencies of the Federal Regions per section 403 of the bill.  Out of that
arrangement has grown the A-95 regional clearing house review system,
designed by the Office of Management and  Budget.  The resulting Federal
Region-substate control system straps regional governance (control by
regulation) as a way of life over all Americans.

FATAL STEP NUMBER TWO... 27 March 1969 - "Statement by the President on
Restructuring of Government Service Systems", The White House.  Quoting the
Reorganization Act, signed the same day, as his authority, President Nixon
divided the United States into eight (later ten) Federal Regions or
provinces, each with a new provincial capitol.  Coordination and control of
the Ten Federal Regions would be administered from Washington.  Formation
of such `super states' is, of course, a violation of paragraph 1, section
3, Article IV, United States Constitution.

Objective:  Transfer political power from the respective sovereign State
governments to appointed Federal Agencies whose controllers are the
directors of the corporate world state.

FATAL STEP NUMBER THREE... 30 October 1969 - Executive Order #11490
"Assigning Emergency Preparedness Functions to Federal Departments and
Agencies", The Federal Register.

E.O. #11490 authorizes the Office of Emergency Planning to put all controls
into effect, "in times of increased international tensions and economic or
financial crisis".  Takeover by government agencies include communications
media, all electrical power, gas, petroleum, fuels and minerals, food
resources and farms, all modes of transportation and control of
highways,seaports, etc., health, education and welfare functions, airports
and aircraft.  Provision is also made for the mobilization of civilians
into work brigades under government supervision.  The order directs the
Postmaster General to operate a national registration of all persons;
permits the Housing and Finance Authority to relocate communities, and
grants authority to the Department of Justice to enforce the plans set out
in E.O. #11490, and to operate penal and correctional institutions.

FATAL STEP NUMBER FOUR... 15 August 1971 - Executive Order #11615
"Providing for Stabilization of Prices, Rents, Wages, and Salaries", The
Federal Register.

E.O. #11615 designated the Chairman, Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System as the director of a Cost of Living Council, with authority
to request the Department of Justice to bring actions for injunctions
"Whenever it appears to the Council that any person has engaged, is
engaged, or is about to engage in any acts or practice constituting a
violation of any regulation or order issued pursuant to this Order".  (See
E.O. #11490)

The Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board thus became czar over prices,
rents, wages and salaries, in addition to his control over money, interest
rates, and the stock market, granted under the provisions of the Federal
Reserve Act of 23 December 1913.

FATAL STEP NUMBER FIVE... 15 August 1971 - Proclamation #4074 "Imposition
of Supplemental Duty for Balance of Payment Purposes", The President.

The Principal objective of Proclamation #4074 was to "declare a national
emergency" and so establish stand-by authority to implement any or all of
the provisions of Executive Order #11490 at such time as the American
people have      been conditioned to accept dictatorship.  The people are
now being brain washed to accept, in fact, demand, full government control
over their lives and property.

FATAL STEP NUMBER SIX... 12 February 1972 - Executive Order #11647 "Federal
Regional Councils", The Federal Register.

E.O. #11647 "...establish a Federal Regional Council for each of the Ten
Standard Federal Regions", which Nixon effected by proclamation on 27 March
1969.  The Office of Management and Budget was designated the control
agency.

By this order the ten provincial capitols were staffed by the directors of
the grant-making agencies:  Department of Labor, Health, Education and
Welfare, and Housing and Urban Development; the Secretarial Representatives
of the Department of Transportation, and the directors of the regional
offices of the Office of Economic Opportunity, the Environmental Protection
Agency, and Law Enforcement Assistance Administration.

The President subsequently appointed a commissar for each Federal Region.

FATAL STEP NUMBER SEVEN... 20 October 1972 - Public Law 92-512, 92nd
Congress, H.R. #14370, Federal/State Revenue Sharing, "To .. authorize
Federal Collection of State individual income taxes, and for other
purposes."

The primary function of Public Law 92-512 is to provide that ".. after 1
January 1974, if two or more States request it of the US Government, and at
the option of the individual states, all State taxes may be collected by
the federal government."  (The decision is irreversible.)

Under this Act state and county governments will, in time, wither for lack
of tax funds, representative government will die (although the trappings of
a republican form of government may be retained to fool the people) and
dictatorship control over people and property will be imposed upon once
free Americans.

In the intervening years, by stealth and subterfuge, the American people
have been moved into the orbit of a financial/industrial cabal who control
their corporate world state through the United Nations Organization, the
United States Congress and other front organizations.

Citizens, with a plan of action, can instruct state elected officials in
their states to confine functions of government to limitations defined in
the Constitution (implementing details available).

The State is a Principal under the constitutional contract and has the
power and authority to correct violations of the Constitution by its
Legislative, Executive and Judicial agents in Washington.

Information on preparing a `letter of instruction' to state lawmakers,
model bill directing state investigation, and model state statute "To
Provide for Enforcement of the United States Constitution with Regard to
Federal Regionalism" (with criminal sanctions for violators) available.

The safety of the state begins with you.  Decide now to participate in the
mission to restore freedoms of person and property guaranteed to you by the
Constitution.

THE SILENT REVOLUTION OF FEDERAL REGIONALISM - A SOLUTION is available in
electronic magazine format, Committee to Restore the Constitution home
page:   http://www.fortnet.org/~comminc

Program is also available in print or on disk for uploading to computer and
downloading to BBS in your area.  (Specify Macintosh or IBM).

Archibald E Roberts, Ltcol, AUS, ret, Director
COMMITTEE TO RESTORE THE CONSTITUTION, Inc
Post Office Box 986   Fort Collins  CO   80522
e-mail: comminc@mail.fortnet.org
home page: http://www.fortnet.org/~comminc

+++++++++++++++++++

Continued State of Emergency....again
By: The White House

THE WHITE HOUSE
Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release, March 8, 1996

TO THE CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES:

       Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d))
provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless,
prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes
in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that
the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In
accordance with this provision, I have sent the enclosed notice, stating
that the Iran emergency declared on March 15, 1995, pursuant to the
International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701-1706) is to
continue in effect beyond March 15, 1996, to the Federal Register for
publication.  This emergency is separate from that declared on November 14,
1979, in connection with the Iranian hostage crisis and therefore requires
separate renewal of emergency authorities.

       The factors that led me to declare a national emergency with respect
to Iran on March 15, 1995, have not been resolved. The actions and policies
of the Government of Iran, including its support for international
terrorism, efforts to undermine the Middle East peace process, and its
acquisition of weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver them,
continue to threaten the national security, foreign policy, and economy of
the United States.  Accordingly, I have determined that it is necessary to
maintain in force the broad authorities that are in place by virtue of the
March 15, 1995, declaration of emergency.

WILLIAM J. CLINTON
THE WHITE HOUSE,
March 8, 1996.

++++++++++++++++++++

Cool Quote: Bill Clinton shows his true colors...Red, Red, and Blu..I mean Red.

"As long as you have free societies where people have some ability to move,
some right of privacy, some ability to transfer funds and some ability to
get access to materials that can be made into bombs, you cannot have a
totally risk-free world,"
    --Pres. Bill Clinton. March 15, 1996 while visiting Israel reported by
Reuters--

++++++++++++++++++++

PEACE WATCH REPORT
By: Lee Underwood, editor
F.Y.I. - Week Ending: 03-16-96/Adar 25, 5756
mbi@digital.net

In the 30 months since the signing of the Oslo accords, the number of
Israelis killed in terror attacks has increased by more than 100%, compared
to the previous 30-month period, according to a Peace Watch report to be
published shortly. From September 9, 1993 through March 8, 1996, a total of
213 Israelis were killed in Israel and the territories in terror attacks,
compared to 99 during the parallel period, March 9, 1991 to September 8,
1993. These figures also include foreign visitors to Israel, as well as
Palestinians killed in attacks that were aimed at Israeli targets (e.g. the
recent bombing of Bus #18 in Jerusalem), but do not include casualties in
Lebanon or elsewhere. Although the number of Israelis killed in terror
attacks has increased, there has actually been an 8% decrease in the number
of fatal terror attack - from 80 during the two and a half year period
prior to Oslo to 74 since then. Since Oslo, Hamas has been responsible for
the lion's share of the fatal attacks and the casualties: 37 attacks, and
131 casualties. The Islamic Jihad has killed 52 in its 10 attacks, while
attacks by the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine have been
responsible for 9 deaths, and those of the Democratic Front for the
Liberation of Palestine for 2 deaths. Fatah was responsible for 8 of the
fatalities, but has not been responsible for any deaths since mid-1994.
Peace Watch was unable to ascertain which organizations were responsible
for the remaining fatal attacks, a few of which might have been carried out
by individuals acting on their own initiative.
(IRIS)

+++++++++++++++++++

THE NEW  WORLD ORDER  AND THE BIBLE
By: Paula Demers

**All scripture is taken for the King James Version, and when specified the
Amplified Bible. We use the Amplified because the meanings of the Greek and
Hebrew words are in the scripture, thus clarifying the Scripture.

          People have a hard time believing that there is a New World
Order-One World Government-on the horizon.  It's hard to believe that our
government would be part of this One World Government, because we as
Americans would lose our country and everything that our founding fathers
intended for America to be.

          The New World Order wants control by the year 2000.  They want
complete control of every person on the face of the earth.  It will cover
three aspects, political, spiritual and financial. It is mind boggling and
hard for many people to comprehend what is happening.

POLITICALLY

*Revelation 13:1-2 "And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast
rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his
horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy.  That the beast
which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a
bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion:  and the dragon gave him his
power, and his seat, and great authority."

          This is describing the power of the political leader of the
world.  I believe the power behind this political leader will be the United
Nations (UN). This organization is very active in pushing their global
agenda.  At presents there are 300 members of our Government who are
members of the Council on Foreign Relations, the organization behind the
NWO and the UN.

           At present, the United Nations has a global constitution that
they want to enforce above
all other constitutions.  A one world constitution for all countries to
follow. Here is a quote from
the united nations constitution:  "...the age of nations must end....The
governments of the nations have decided to order their separate
sovereignties into one government to which they surrender
their arms."   The UN Constitution will take our bill of rights and change
them to privileges granted to individuals by the "State" as they see fit.

          The first step would be to disarm the worlds citizens and put all
military from different countries under the control of the UN.  In the UN
constitution, it is written that only police officers and peace keepers
will have the right to bear arms.   The booklet, "Freedom From War"
describes in detail how this will be accomplished.  With all military under
the UN, the UN will be a "peace keeping force" .  To give an example of
what this means, on page 12, paragraph three in "Freedom From War"  it
states that they plan to have an "effective means for the enforcement of
international agreements...settlement of disputes...maintenance of peace".

          The United Nations have gone further.  The have written a treaty
called, "The Convention On the Rights of the Child".  Which, if passed,
will turn the rights of parents over to the state.  The "State Parties"
will decide what's best for the children.  Parents will not have the right
to teach their children anything that the "State" doesn't agree with.  To
include religion.  The religion the parents would be allowed to teach their
children would be the religion that is legal according to the United
Nations Constitution.

          They already have the "seven heads", which is the seven
continents of the world.  When NAFTA was passed, it made Canada, Mexico and
the United States the first "region" of the New World Order.  Many people
do not know that.  GATT finished it. The UN Constitution will do away with
state boundaries and turn the 50 United States into 10 regions. Each region
would have an "overseer".

          The one world leader will control every aspect of what people can
and cannot do.  There will be strict laws that will have to be followed.
Free enterprise will be gone as the world moves into two classes, the very
rich and the very poor.  The people of the world will be servants to the
"State"  as the people of communist countries have previously. Only this
will be world wide and they will be no where to go to escape it.

SPIRITUALLY

*Revelation 13:11-12 "And I beheld another beast coming up out of the
earth; and he had twohorns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.  and he
exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the
earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly
wound was healed."

          This second beast will back up the orders given by the first
beast.  He will enforce the worship of the first beast.  The first beast
will receive a deadly wound to the head and be healed. This beast will do
great wonders and deceiveth the people of the earth.  He will give live the
image of the first beast (a statue) and martyr anyone who does not worship
the beast.

          This will be the only acceptable religion, to worship the Beast.
The NWO is already preparing the way for this one world religion.  There is
a massive evangelical movement with a philosophy called New Age.  This
philosophy is everything opposite of Christianity and has infiltrated every
aspect of our lives.  It is in television programming, public schools,
theme parks, physiology......... The list is endless.  Many New Agers
deeply involved in the practice hate Christians and believe the world needs
to be purified of them.

     This will be able to happen as we continued to be brainwashed through
the media about human beings being on the same level or lower then the
animals.  The environmental movement, which is an extremely "spiritual"
movement is doing much to push this.  Christians will be considered a lower
life form, in the same way unborn babies are now and the Jewish nation
during WWII.

          Religion will be a privilege, (as stated in the UN Constitution)
that will be granted to whom the state feels deserve.  And the religion
will not be able to be Christianity because the anti-Christ will be the
world savior.  Christians will be considered enemies of the state.  As of
now, Ms.  Janet Reno is having government officials compile names and
address of Christians and Patriots.  Should an emergency break out, these
people are to be considered enemies of the State, and can be rounded up.

          The Bible is quite clear on what will happen to the people who
worship the beast or his image:  Revelation 14:9-11 "And the third angel
followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and
his image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same
shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured out without
mixture into the cup of his indignation; and he shall be tormented with
fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence
of the Lamb:  And the smoke of their torment ascendeth up for ever and
ever:  and they have no rest day nor night, who worship the beast and his
image, an whosoever receiveth the mark of his name."

ECONO MICALLY

*Revelation 13:16, " And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and
poor, free and bond, to receive in their right hank, or in their foreheads:
And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name
of the beast or the number of his name.  Here is wisdom, Let him that hath
understanding count the number of the beast:  for it is the number of a
man;  and his number is Six hundred threescore and six."

          The New World Government will be able to control who buys
anything and what they buy.  People won't be able to buy or sell unless
they have the "mark" in their  right hand or in their forehead.  It will be
a cashless society.

          We have slowly been brainwashed towards a cashless society.
Checks, credit cards, debit cards and instant deposit have done much to
gear us in this direction.  Been grocery shopping lately?  Notice the
scanners?  Groceries are just pushed across a window and the number on the
product is scanned and the price comes up on the register.  Many stores
have a machine that you can just use a credit card to purchase your
groceries.  Some have a thing that is looks like a modern laser gun that
they can lift up to reach the bar codes on bigger products.  Interesting.
could be used to scan a forehead also.  A hand could go over the window to
be scanned.

          Right now, there is a computer chip the size of a grain of rice.
(1/4 inch long)  This computer chip can carry all information on any
individual and is self charging.  It is charged by the bodies heat, and
after planners spent 1.5 million of your tax dollars, they found out that
the best places to put this chip would be in the right hand or if that is
missing, in the forehead.  This chip will be interjected in the hand or
forehead in the same way as a short. There will be 18 digits, your zip
code, plus the extra four digits after the dash and your social security
number,  burned on the chip.  These 18 digits will be grouped in three
groups of six numbers. (000000 000000 0000000)  Dr. Sanders, one of the
engineers of this chip (#BT952000--called Emergency Intrusive
Identification Locator) commented, "I believe this to be the "Mark of the
Beast".  Dr. Sanders spends his time traveling  and warning people about
the coming NWO and the Mark of the Beast.

      To find out what happens to people who accept the mark, go back in
this report and read Revelation 14:9-11.

ANTI-CHRIST, COMING BY FORCE?

          Many people believe that this one world leader will come by
force.  This is not likely.  What is more apt to happen, is for a
catastrophe, created by the members of the NWO, to make people want a
savior.  To make people want someone to help them to have  world peace.
It could happen in many different ways: an economic crash, a war, riots,
weather, the list is endless on what they could do to bring this need
about.

      They have been preparing for this for many years.  Knowing it would
be impossible to take the world by force, they have gone after the minds
and hears of people.  In 1958, Cleon Skoussen, a former FBI agent revealed
the long-term goals of the communist agenda in his book, "The Naked
Communists".  We will give a summary on the purpose of the book.  Take note
on how much has been happening over the past 30-40 years in our nations.

          The goals are:  promote the United nations as the only hope for
mankind; to capture one
or both of the political parties of the U.S.; to use technical decisions of
the courts to weaken
basic American institutions by claiming their activities violate civil
rights; to have control of the schools; to use the schools for the spread
of socialism and current communist propaganda; get control of teachers
associations; to get control of all student newspapers; infiltrate the
press; control key positions in radio, TV and motion pictures; to eliminate
all laws concerning obscenity by calling them censorship or a violation of
free speech and free press; to breakdown cultural standards of morality; to
present homosexuality, promiscuity as normal, natural and healthy; to
eliminate prayer or any phase of religious expression in the schools on the
grounds of separation of church and state; to infiltrate churches and
replace revealed religion with a social religion; to discredit the Bible;
to discredit the American constitution by calling it inadequate and old
fashioned;  discourage the teaching of American history; discredit the
family as an institution; and the emphasize the need to raise children away
from the  negative influence of parents.

          The battle for a New World Order and One World Government has
begun with a battle for the minds and hearts of people.  A slow
brainwashing that has taken place over many years.  this is even predicted
as being a part of the last days: 2 Timothy 3:1-5 (Amplified Bible) "But
understand this, that in the last days, there will set in perilous times of
great stress and trouble---had to deal with and hard to bear.  For people
will be lovers of self and (utterly) self-centered, lovers of money and
aroused by an inordinate (greedy) desire for wealth, proud and arrogant and
contemptuous boasters.  They will be abusive (blasphemous, scoffers),
disobedient to parents, ungrateful, unholy and profane.  (They will be)
without natural (human) affection (callous and inhuman)
relentless--admitting of no truce or appeasement.  (They will
be)slanderers--false accusers, trouble makers; intemperate and loose in
morals and conduct, uncontrolled and fierce, haters of good.  (They will be
) treacherous
(betrayers), rash (and) inflated with self conceit.  (They will be
treacherous (betrayers) rash and inflated with self conceit.  (They will be
) lovers of sensual pleasures and vain amusements more than and rather than
lovers of God.  for (although) they hold a form of piety (true religion),
they deny and reject and are strangers to the power of it---their conduct
belies the genuineness of the their profession.  Avoid (all) such
people--turn away from them."

This article was written by Paula Demers.  For more of her offers send two
f/c stamps to Home Profits Buisness Builders, PO Box 280, Ft Walton Beach,
Fl 32549-0280

+++++++++++++++++++

THE AMERICAN FORCED LABOR BILL
By: Kossor Education Newsletter: The American Forced Labor Bill Alert!

Congress is in the process of enacting THE AMERICAN FORCED LABOR BILL
(a.k.a. HR 1617 "The Work Force Development Act of 1995")

It mandates:

* Government data collection on individuals
 (HR 1617 Sec 183, pps. 91-95)

* Government evaluation & treatment centers
 (HR 1617 Sec 106, pps. 22-26)

* Government residential work/training centers
 (HR 1617 Sec 131-161, pps. 60-75)

* Government hiring quotas and controls
 (HR 1617 Sec 121, 122 and 155 pps. 52-57 and 69)

This legislation, inspired by Marc Tucker and Hillary Clinton,

*Kills the American Dream,
*Destroys limited government and
*Ends freedom to live and work without government interference & control.

Forced labor systems ONLY exist in totalitarian societies! THERE IS STILL
TIME  TO  STOP  THIS  NIGHTMARE!

Call your U.S. Senator: 1-800-962-3524
Call your U.S. Representative: 1-800-972-3524

Stop  HR 1617 (now in Conference Committee) Repeal  1994's School-to-Work
Act  and  Goals 2000!

For more information contact Steven Kossor
 e-mail: sakossor@mail.voicenet.com...web site:
http://www.voicenet.com/~sakossor

If we don't stop this legislation, there will be no "Allied Force" in the
world to liberate US!

+++++++++++++++++++++++++

UNITED NATIONS CRIMINAL COURT

On 20 May 1993 the Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved a measure
(SJ Res 32) sponsored by Senator Dodd that commits the United States
government to support (and pay for) the efforts of the United Nations to
establish an "international criminal court."

Up to this time no legislator dared to offer such legislation which would
have the UN conduct trials and bring US citizens before an international
court for so-called "international crimes."

The resolution also requires President Clinton to submit to Congress a
detailed report on US efforts in support of: "establishing such a court
with jurisdiction over crimes of an international character by the first of
October."

Senator Helms of North Carolina asked what actions would be construed as an
international crime and he was told:  "genocide, colonialism, intervention,
environmental offenses, insults to a foreign State and dissemination of
false or distorted news, would all be included as international offenses
which could be prosecuted."

Under this legislation, US citizens could be tried, convicted and punished,
not according to the laws of our own country, but under international rules
that have yet to be worked out according to those who are engineering the
New World Order.

Senators who voted in favor of this legislation were:  Pell (RI), Biden
(DE), Simon (IL), Feingold (WI), Moynihan (NY), Robb (VA), Wofford (PA),
Kerry (MA), Sarbanes (MD), Matthews (TN) and Dodd (CT).

All these elected Senators took the Congressional Oath of Office which
required them "to support and defend the Constitution of the United States
against all enemies, foreign and domestic, and to bear true faith and
allegiance to the same, so help me God."

It is obvious that they will not protect the Constitutional rights of their
constituents, for they hear only the drums of the internationalists' New
World Order.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++

SPOTLIGHT ON CONGRESS....GOT A COMPLAINT? YOU'RE A TERRORIST
By: SPOTLIGHT, March 4, 1996

Have you or family members written or uttered unfavorable remarks about our
government?

If so, you may soon be a "terrorist" in the eyes of the government-giving
them easier access to your credit report, bank accounts, employment
history, phone conversations and all the details of your comings and
goings.

The House of Representatives is expected to consider the latest version of
the "anti-terrorism" bill-H.R. 2768-later this month.

The former version of the terrorist bill was pulled-thanks in part to the
efforts of Liberty Lobby's legislative advocate Trisha Katson-in late
December. The bill's proponents have repackaged the old legislation and are
conducting a new propaganda campaign.

The bill, which patriots are calling "The Bill of Rights Decimation Act,"
would give federal agencies a carte blanche for abuse. This is especially
preposterous considering America's mandate to limited government-not to
mention the history of dangerous blundering by federal agencies.

First, the "Bill to Combat Terrorism" would give the secretary of state the
power to label any person or group a "terrorist." The secretary of state's
certification would not be subject to review by a court, and could be
applied against anyone who is uncooperative with current political policies
or leaders.

An aide to Rep. Bob Barr (R-GA.), the bill's sponsor, told The SPOTLIGHT
the attorney general "and some other people" would also decide which
Americans are to be investigated.

This Orwellian provision will certainly suppress any hint of political
dissension-a clear violation of our Constitutional guarantees to free
speech.

Once it has been determined that you or someone you know is associated with
a "terrorist" or a "terrorist" organization, the ADL-sponsored bill
authorizes federal law enforcement agents to gather personal information on
the "suspect."

This includes credit reports, employment records, phone conversations, bank
statements and travel information. This "legal" snooping can be performed
without court orders, moreover, without even a suspicion that the
individual is involved in criminal activity.

"Federal law enforcement agencies would be authorized to investigate
American citizens and compel the disclosure of private information without
evidence of criminality," Miss Katson commented. "This guts the Fourth
Amendment."

Not only could "terrorist" groups be harassed, the proposal would give the
secretary of state the authority to make criminal any "material support" of
terrorist groups. This includes legal, non-violent, even charitable
donations to organizations designated as "terrorist".

It is currently illegal to participate in or support terrorist activities.
The proposed law would make it illegal to participate in or support the
legal activities of organizations an administration disfavors.

Gun control advocates should also appreciate this horrendous legislation.

Currently it is illegal to sell a firearm to someone if you know it will be
used in a crime.

The so-called anti-terrorist legislation will put the seller in jail for a
five-year mandatory minimum sentence if the seller "should have known" the
buyer would use the gun in a crime.

This gives prosecutors with a gun-control agenda the ability to put out of
business almost any gun store they choose to target.

The anti-terrorism legislation would also allow wiretaps to be inadmissible
court-as long as the wiretapping federal official was acting in "good
faith".

A spokesperson for Barr's office told The SPOTLIGHT that "good faith" meant
the official was attempting to act in accordance with the law. But the
Supreme Court has a history of demanding much tougher standards before
evidence obtained by wiretaps is allowed in court.

This bill also destroys habeas corpus-the right of persons to seek federal
assistance if their rights are being violated at the state level.

The provision eliminating habeas corpus is being sold to lawmakers as a
measure for speeding up death row executions, although it applies to all
cases-not just ones involving the death penalty.

Court decisions have already curtailed habeas petitions.

The bill also makes so-called "secret evidence" admissible in court to be
used against permanent residents and other aliens, who, if convicted, would
face deportation or federal prison.

Once secret evidence becomes law, this could set a precedent for this
procedure being applied to U.S. citizens. This would be particularly
dangerous in cases in which informers are involved (i.e., taxes, drugs or
unregistered guns).

The Senate version of this bill, S.735, which passed last year, is even
more dangerous to our civil liberties.

S.735 increases funding for implementing the "Digital Telephony Act of
1994"-making the U.S. phone system wiretap-friendly. Soon, federal
officials will be able to tap a phone from anywhere-and without court
orders.

Critics claim this increased wiretap authority is also unnecessary-the

FBI already has authority to conduct a wiretap to prevent the crimes which
the public associates with terrorism.

The Senate bill also includes the expansion of military involvement in
domestic law enforcement, re-defining ordinary property and violent crime
as "terrorism" and giving the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms an
extra $100 million to expand their domestic activities.

Both bills claim to provide a fair balance between protecting our country
from terrorist activity and respecting our civil liberties.

According to -Second Amendment scholar David Kopel, it does just the
opposite. "You can read every line of the very lengthy House bill, and its
Senate counterpart, and you will not find a single thing that would have
prevented the heinous Oklahoma City bombing, or the Arizona train
derailment," he said. "But you will find many ways in which ordinary
American citizens will be forced to surrender their rights."

Most lawmakers have refused to reveal publicly where they stand on the
terrorist bill. Now is the time for you to let them know your position and
views. Make sure you let your representative know that the First and Fourth
 Amendments are just fine the way the are.

To subscribe to The SPOTLIGHT, call 1-800-522-6292
Cost per year is $40.00 for 52 weeks (?) US. All other countries call the
1-800 number for prices.

+++++++++++++++++++++

SOVEREIGNTY AND THE WTO
By: The New American
March 18, 1996

    On January 17th, the World Trade Organization (WTO) enforcement arm of
the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) - announced its
first-ever ruling. The case matched Venezuela and Brazil against the United
States.

    At issue was a 1993 Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulation
that imposed more stringent environmental restrictions on imports of
high-pollution reformulated gasoline than on similar fuel produced
domestically.

    A three-member WTO dispute-settlement panel ruled against the United
States decreeing that this double-standard violates GATT's "national
treatment" clause requiring member nations to "ensure that in respect of
technical regulations products imported shall be accorded treatment no less
favorable than that accorded to like products of national origin."

    The EPA regulation which sparked the conflict was an administrative law
decree. Congress should properly have ratified modified or scrapped it but
opted instead to let it stand. The intervention by the WTO breached the
U.S. Constitution, which gives C ongress sole authority to "regulate
Commerce with foreign Nations." The WTO sets an ominous precedent for
future, more perilous GATT-related assaults on our country's economic
independence.

    More than two decades ago, writing in the April 1974 issue of the
Council on Foreign Relations journal Foreign Affairs, professor Richard
Gardner (CFR) contended that "the 'house of world order' will have to be
built from the bottom up rather than fro m the top down," and that "an end
run around national sovereignty eroding it piece by piece will accomplish
much more than the old-fashioned frontal assault."

    Gardner listed a few of the arrangements that he believed would be
especially useful in subtly surrendering national sovereignty to
international institutions. "Among other things " he wrote "we will be
seeking new rules in the GATT to cover a whole r ange of hitherto
unregulated nontariff barriers. These will subject countries to an
unprecedented degree of international surveillance never up to now
sacrosanct 'domestic' policies..."

The recent WTO decision against the U.S. signals just such a concession.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++



