Prophe-Zine
Issue #8

Credits..........

	Statement of Faith.........

			& Other stuff.........

Raymond Gano............Welcome to Issue #8
Jack Van Impy....The Rise of 'Biometric' Identification Technology
Paula Demers..... Will You Be Safe In The New World Order (NWO)?
Author Unknown......Blue Prints for a New World Order
William R. Pabst .....Concentration Camps????
Paula Demers.... Iron Mountain---A Hoax Or Betrayal?
Dan Druck.... Towards A One-World Government
Prophe-Zine News Bites..... Assorted Authors and News Services
Rudy Hulstrom...New Age News Update
Cool Christian Resources plus some cool web sites


Publication Cycle Notice: Prophe-Zine will be published (up loaded), on
the 15th of each month.

Prophe-Zine is freely distributed to the major on-line services, BBSs, and
to the Internet.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine can be reached by sending e-mail to:
ray673@best.com. Please write the Editor if you are interested in receiving
guidelines for submission to Prophe-Zine


Statement of Faith

THE PURPOSE of Prophe-Zine is to carry out the command of the Lord Christ
Jesus, recorded in

 Matthew 28:19:
                          "Therefore go and make disciples of all nations"

Prophe-Zine is a Christian publication grounded in the deity of Christ and
the inerrancy of Scripture.  The major intent of the editors is first, the
giving out the message of the Gospel, "For what I received I passed on to
you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the
Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day
according to the Scriptures," 1 Cor. 15:3-4.

The Editor of Prophe-Zine holds to a strictly literal and inerrant Bible
interpretation, salvation through Christ alone, a soon pre-tribulation
Rapture of all believers and the establishment of a thousand-year kingdom
on earth. The evangelism of the unbelievers and the exhortation of the
believers take precedence over all other activities of this ministry.

Prophe-Zine may not agree with some of the authors and their beliefs, but
Prophe-Zine believes that we must endeavor to keep the unity of the spirit
(In other words agree to disagree), so Prophe-Zine feels that it must give
equal time to other biblically based doctrines in all fairness.

Eph 4:3 Endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.

In His service,

Ray Gano


The Legal Stuff About Prophe-Zine

Prophe-Zine
Copyright © 1995 Raymond B Gano
All rights reserved.

Please ask for permission before reproducing or reprinting specific
articles and/or graphics, since some of the individual works appearing in
Prophe-Zine are copyrighted works belonging to their respective authors or
artists and are used here with their permission.

Certain products, titles, and services mentioned are trademarks of their
respective owners. Apple, Mac, and Macintosh are registered trademarks of
Apple Computer, Inc. Prophe-Zine is not affiliated in any way with Apple
Computer, Inc.

Prophe-Zine may be freely distributed under the following conditions:
It may not be included in a software package without prior consent from
the author. It may not be distributed or reproduced for commercial
purposes.

Prophe-Zine's editor uses a Quadra 840 AV Macintosh computer. Programs
include: MacWrite, MacDraw Pro, Color-It, JPEGview, Popcorn, OnLine Bible
KJV 2.1, plus any other freeware that I can get my hands on to fill up the
hard drive and use up even MORE RAM (needs 8 more megs, those graphics are
killing me)

OOPS.... I Forgot

The Editor  is currently looking for submissions, artists, writers,
fiction, reviews, columnists and other help for Prophe-Zine  articles. If
interested, please write the Editor to receive a guideline for submissions.


Feedback and suggestions from the Prophe-Zine readers are ALWAYS WELCOME!
Don't just tell me that you actually liked reading Prophe-Zine, tell me
what YOU would like to see in future issues!


********************************************************

Welcome to Prophe-Zine #8

Hello and thank you for downloading this months issue of Prophe-Zine.
Prophe-Zine is a monthly newsletter that deals with Bible Prophecy and
World Events. In this month are going to be looking at conspiracies and The
New World Order.

In today's media we hear so much about  "Right wing Extremist" and the
"Christian Right". These "Extremists Christians" talk about the New World
Order, Council on Foreign Relations, Trilateral Commission, Club of Rome,
Freemasons, Bilderburgers, etc. The press blows many of these "Right Wing
Fanatics" off and they are discredited as being "hate mongers" , "Racists"
,ect. Now, because of this title much of the American public is
disregarding much of what these people have to say. I do have to state that
there is "Right Wing Hate Talk" going on out there ie KKK, Farahkan, Hamas,
etc.

The sad thing is that the media is linking ALL Christians and other
Monotheistic religions to these extreme groups. If you want an example,
look at the OK bombing. The first people the media blamed was Christians
and Militias. A very recent example is the Rabbin assassination. Look at
what the media has demonized...Right wing religious extremists.

Well I have to say that I am one of these "conspiracy freaks", and if it
means standing up for my Lord and what is moraly right then I guess I am an
extremist too. I do not tote guns nor do I conspire to over throw the
government. I am though, a well informed person and I do believe in the US
Constitution and my God given rights. Now before someone writes me off, let
me say there is Conspiracy Fact and Conspiracy Fiction. Here is an
example..

Conspiracy Fact: The French Revolution started by Napoleon (33 1/3
Freemason) was initiated by the Freemasons/Illuminati. Freemasons are also
known as the Templars. This was a Luciferian occoultic religion which can
be traced back to Babylon. Through the ages these mystery religions have
been known by many names, but these  "secrets and ceremonies"  have been
passed down throughout history.  This is a Conspiracy Fact and if you do
your homework, you will see this. Many of you know this already. A good
book to read is by Gary Kah called En Route to Global Occupation, He has
gone into much research about this topic.

Conspiracy Fiction: There is a secret military base on Mars that is
occupied by Greys (bad space aliens) and the people who belong to the CFR /
TriLats / Bilderburgers, who by the way, are in kahoots with the Greys. Oh,
by the way, the born-again Christians and Jews are also in league with
these "Soldiers of Darkness". This is Conspiracy Fiction. There is no way
to "prove" this theory. In fact, it is a theory that MANY New Agers quote.
The way they (New Agers) know about these secret bases are through
"Channeled Sources". (mental exchange of information, from "Enlightened
beings" or "Soldiers of Light"...another New Age ideology)

Now you may ask, why am I covering this and what does this have to do with
Christians? When you start reading and looking into some of the
"conspiracies" they come close to Bible Prophecy. Look at what is
Conspiracy and the possible Biblical implication. So this month we are
going to look at some of these theories so that you can do some research
and come to your own conclusion. Examples are.....

UN / NWO = One World Government under the rule of the Anti-Christ. (Rev. 13)
Implantable Bio Chips = Mark of the Beast (Rev. 13:16-18)
Concentration Camps = Christian martyrs during the tribulation (Luke 21:12-19)

Now these are just a few correlations. When you look, there are even more.
This not me being a prophet or anything, these are just observations.

So what is Conspiracy Fact and Fiction? I hope to shed a little light on
this in this months issue. Many of these conspiracy theories needs to be
weeded out, so please use discernment when you look into this area. Also
please remember it is VERY easy to get all caught up into this conspiracy
stuff. Recognize the attacks of the enemy. He will do anything to get you
out of fellowship with our Lord. He will even use all this conspiracy
stuff. Believe me I know because I fell to his tricks. Conspiracy is
"exciting an mysterious", just do not allow the enemy a foothold. In all of
this, I pray for you all.

In His service,
Ray Gano
Sr. Editor
Prophe-Zine
ray673@best.com

*******************************************************

                              MARK OF THE BEAST
              The rise of 'biometric' identification technology
                              By: Dr. Jack Vam Impy
          ---------------------------------------------------------

"Let me see your papers." That has been one of the terrifying demands of
every police state the world has known. But computers, surveillance
technology and other scientific breakthroughs are bringing us ever closer
to the day when identification papers will no longer be necessary. One day
soon, say the experts, human beings may be required to receive a biochip
implant in the hand or head that will limit one's right to buy and sell,
travel and work.

Terry Cook, a man who has studied developments in such "biometric"
devices, puts it this way: "We are getting closer all the time to that day
when biochip implants will be used on human beings. Hitler's Third Reich
demanded that all German citizens had to carry identification and could be
stopped at any time by either civilian or military people. The day may not
be far off when we can be stopped at any time and have scanners waved over
us as we approach the final stages of the biochip and ID technology of the
New World Order system."

Actually, the biochips necessary for such a program have been around for
more than a decade. The technology is already in full use by several U.S.
cities and counties in animal control work. Animal shelters and clinics are
clamoring for a national ID system linking all government animal regulation
and control agencies, pounds and veterinarians across the country. Not
surprisingly, the cheerleaders of one-world government have been quick to
champion such a system for people, too.

"The technology behind such a microchip is fairly uncomplicated and with a
little refinement could be used in a variety of human applications,"
explains Tim Willard, executive officer of the World Future Society.
"Conceivably, a number could be assigned at birth and go with a person
throughout life. At the checkout stand at a supermarket, you would simply
pass your hand over a scanner and your bank account would automatically be
debited."

But don't look for U.S. government officials to be quite so bold -- at
least not yet. Americans are naturally skeptical about such Big Brother
ideas. To promote national identification as a real priority, there must be
the perception of need -- some crisis in need of solving.

Several California officials are suggesting there is just such a crisis in
the illegal immigration problem. Democrats such as Sen. Dianne Feinstein
and Republicans such as Gov. Pete Wilson agree that the time has come for a
national identity card, perhaps including biometric data. Such a card is
already in use by the federal government. It's called, interestingly, MARC
-- for Multi-Technology Automated Reader Card, and all armed services
personnel are familiar with it.

Feinstein recently called on her colleagues in the U.S. Congress to make
carrying such a card mandatory for every American citizen. Her remarks,
memorialized in the daily Washington journal Roll Call, are stunning in
their candor and chilling in their content.

"I believe that a new, phone- or machine-readable card that all job and
benefits applicants would be required to present to verify their work or
eligibility for assistance deserves careful consideration," she said. "As
(the Senate subcommittee on immigration) heard (from representatives of the
State Department, INS, FBI, Social Security Administration, Secret Service,
state and motor vehicle authorities), counterfeit-resistant cards that
incorporate 'biometric' data are available and in use today. Whether the
card carries a magnetic strip on which the bearer's unique voice, retina
pattern or fingerprint is digitally encoded, or whether it incorporates a
digitized photo and signature integrated into the plastic card itself, it
is clear to me that state-of-the-art work and benefits eligibility IDs can
and must replace the Dinosaur Age documents now being used."

Feinstein urged Congress not to wait -- but to act immediately to begin
creating such a system.

"Is it really necessary to take three to four years to study the issue?"
she asked. "Shouldn't we press forward with a single integrated system now,
require everyone (not just immigrants) to obtain the new document within a
reasonable phase-in period, and subject that document to annual renewals to
minimize the effect of any residual fraud or change in eligibility status?"

Fortunately, some opposition has arisen to Feinstein's plans. But most
Americans are blissfully unaware that such dangerous designs are even being
considered in the hallowed halls of Congress.

"A national ID database represents the slipperiest of all civil liberty
slopes," says Ron K. Unz, himself a computer software entrepreneur. "A
system employing tens of thousands of government clerks and administrators
and costing tens of billions of dollars to build and operate would surely
not remain limited to catching illegal nannies. Why not use it, at
virtually no additional cost, to track convicted child molesters as well?
Who would dare object? Why not then also track the movements of convicted
murderers.And rapists. And drug dealers and felons in general. And fathers
behind in child support. And tax-evaders. And 'political extremists.'
Members of 'religious cults.' Drug addicts. AIDS carriers. Gun owners. With
each turn of the political cycle, left and right would add their favorite
batch of social enemies to the surveillance list."

The Bible tells us that in the future a one-world system of government
will require every person to receive a "mark" in their right hand or in
their foreheads. Without this "mark of the beast," no one will be permitted
to buy or sell. Putting in place such a system would not have been possible
without technological breakthroughs in computers and biometrics. Is there
any doubt that we are well on our way to a Big Brother-style global
dictatorship? (Revelation 13:16-18)

*****************************************************

WILL YOU BE SAFE IN THE NEW WORLD ORDER (NWO)?
By: Paula Demers

     If I had a nickel for every time I was called paranoid, or every time
people disagreed with me based on their opinion instead of investigated
fact, I would never have to work again.  People, being aware of the world
around you and telling people is not paranoia.  It's called reality.

     We have many folks who shy away from becoming involved with what's
happening in our country today.  The "see no evil, hear no evil, speak no
evil" attitude seems to make people think that they will be safe.  There is
only one group of people who will be safe in the New World Order.  The very
few elite who are controlling it.  Let me explain further.

     Though we hear cry's from our government about "separation of church
and state, there is a definite religion behind the NWO.  The religion is
called New Age.  It is not a set church, as we know churches today, but a
philosophy.  The philosophy is everything against traditional Christianity.
Right now there is "hate movement" towards Christians, being pushed on
society in the same way the "hate" Jew movement happened in Nazi Germany.
It started slowly, was consistent and built up to an all out hatred.  David
Spangler, who is the Director of Planetary Initiative, said, "Now one will
enter the New World Order unless he or she will make a pledge to worship
Lucifer.  No one will enter the New Age unless he will take a Luciferian
Initiation.'  The Planetary Initiative is a United Nations world government
group. Right now there is a computer chip, the size of a grain of rice,
that is ready to be implanted into people's right hand or fore head.  No
one will be able to buy or sell, unless they have this chip. We also see
the scanners set up all over the county that will be able to scan this
chip.

     Right now, there are simply too many people for the NWO to control.
That's why we hear the terms, "over population" and "population control"
and "improve the quality of living". Let's see who will be the first not to
be safe in the NWO, so they can get the"population under control".

     Right now you are not safe if your are an unborn baby.  Unborn babies
have no right in our society today, because they are considered sub-human.
With the pro choice movement, they have been able to stop the birth of over
36 million unborn Americans alone. Using the term  woman's rights, they
have been able to make people believe that anyone who believes an unborn
baby has rights is unloving and uncaring about women. In China, they have a
population reduction plan of one child per family.  (Two children per
family would be zero population growth.)  If a woman in China gets pregnant
twice, the second is aborted. According to "Family News in Focus"  many
times these baby's are not aborted until right before delivery, so the
babies organs can be used for transplants.  They are also used for health
food.

     You are not safe if you are a Christian.  Yes, I know, most of you
all don't do anything, and have a live and let live attitude.  But, even if
you don't do anything, you are considered a threat to the NWO.  You are
considered a "disrupter"  and a useless eater. You will be dealt with.
Remember, the Jews in Nazi Germany were very peaceful, and did not disrupt.
Yet they were arrested and exterminated.

     You are not safe if you are a patriot.  A Patriot is simply one who
believes in our constitution and what our country was founded on.

     Militia's are at the top of the list.  This is because these folks
know their constitution rights and are willing to defend them.   They are
portrayed to be "white supremist terrorists".  When in reality, all races
are members of Militia's.  The media will not tell the truth about these
groups.

     You are not safe if you are a gun shop owner.  You belief of the
second amendment if very dangerous to the NWO.  Even if you just own a gun,
you are not safe. They cannot control an armed people and are working very
hard to take care of this. All weapons they can get will be confiscated.

     If you are crippled/and or handi-capped, or too old to be of any
value, you are not safe either.  Just being around you lower the quality of
life, taking resources that would be more beneficial to a more worthy
person.

          The New Age philosophy is the same philosophy that Hitler had.
The Aryan Race.  (Don't have space to go into this too much here, but this
can easily be verified through a little research by anyone.)  I find this
interesting.  Hitler was against minorities and gays.  And, yet our
government seems to be pushing affirmative action.  I was commenting about
this to a friend, and he said, "Well, Paula, how else do you expect them to
get the homosexual community out of the closet?"  So, I commented, "You
mean the government is using people to push for their own extinction?" To
which he said,  "You bet!"

     Affirmative action causes much strife and hatred between the races.
To the point that it has even caused riots. With racial problems being
encourage by the media, this could, in my opinion, be one way the
government will be able to have a visible police state.

     I haven't mentioned you yet?  You don't fall in any of these
categories? Do you disagree with the NWO at all?  Are you not willing to
take an oath to Lucifer?

     I still haven't mentioned you?  Are you physically strong and
healthy? Well they are going to need you for labor.  Remember in Germany
when people were rounded up just to work in the factories?

     Many people that have supported various aspects of the NWO and didn't
even know it are supporting their own extinction. People who have kept
quite don't know that they have supported their own extinction.  Like
Benjamin Franklin said, "When men make sheep of themselves, the wolves eat
them."

     There are several reasons why people don't become involved.  Some are
afraid they are going to lose their job, or their status in the community.
This is very interesting, because shortly these things are not going to
matter.  The Federal Reserve, to whom Americans owe all the money to, is
not a government agency.  Out government doesn't control it, it controls
our government.  I going to make is simple as to how the Federal Reserve
(which is owned by foreign bankers) works.  We pay our income taxes.  They
do not go to the government, they go to the Federal Reserve.  The Federal
Reserve, in turn gives us more money than we put in to run our government
and all it's programs.  It is a cycle, we pay a little in, and they give us
more than we pay in.  As a result of this,  the Federal Reserve holds a
lean on all the property in the US.  Kind of like a bank holding a lean on
your house, when it is not totally paid for.  All the Federal Reserve has
to do is say, "We want all debt owed to us."  Since we can't pay it, they
will own America, to include your house and your cars.  They are going to
do it, and it will cause complete caos.  Then it is not going to matter
what your salary or status in the community is.  We will all be in the same
boat, slaves to the NWO.

     Another reason people don't speak up, is because they are afraid of
their Government.  This is tyranny.  The people of the United States are
suppose to control their government, not the government controlling it's
people.  ("It is not the function of our Government to keep the citizen
from falling into error;  It is the function of the citizen to keep the
government from falling into error."--U.S. Supreme Court in American
Communications Association v. Douds, 339 U.S. 384, 442) We should have no
fear of our government, because we are suppose to control it.  And if our
government should reach a point that we are afraid of it, then no one will
be safe.  People need to get past this fear, and start becoming part of the
solution. The pen is mighty  and we can use it to let  our government  know
where we stand.  There are more people who do not want to be controlled
then there are who are going to control.

     People also don't get involved because it is not hurting them  Others
may be losing their freedom, but they aren't.  So, they stay away.  Abraham
Lincoln said it well, "To sin by silence when they should protest makes
cowards of men."

      IN AMERICA

They came for the unborn babies.  I didn't stand up for them because the
media said they weren't human beings, thus didn't have the rights of
humans.

They came for the pro-lifers.  I didn't stand up for them  because the
media said pro-lifers didn't want women to have any rights.

They came for the Branch Davidians.  I didn't stand up for them because
the media said they were a cult that hurt children.

They came for the gun owners.  I didn't stand up for them because I didn't
own a gun.  Our government said it would reduce crime.

They came for the militias.  I didn't stand up for them  because our
government said they were terrorists.

They came for the right-wing conservatives.  I didn't stand up for them
because the media said they were radicals.

They came for the conservative publishers.  I didn't stand up for them
because the publishers spread hatred.

They came for the fundamental Christians.  I didn't stand up for them
because the media said these people were unloving and intolerant.

They came for the parents.  I didn't stand up for them because the United
Nations said it was in the best interest of the children.

They came for the old, crippled, lame and minorities.  I didn't stand up
for them because it was none of my business.

Then they came for me.  There was no one left to stand up for me.  As I
sit in this processing center, wondering what will become of me, I remember
all the talk of certain groups not deserving their constitutional rights.
It didn't affect me, because I had my constitutional rights.

I remember hearing talk from these enemies of the state.  Talk about
concentration camps, UN troops stationed here to be a peace keeping force.
I remember them talking about the New World Order.  And that people would
loose their freedoms.  I didn't take the time to check out what they were
saying.  I believed the liberal media.  I believed our government.

                       NOW IT'S TOO LATE....

This article was written by Paula Demers.  For more of her offers send two
F/C stamps to Home Profits Business builders, PO Box 280, Ft Walton Beach,
Fl 32549-0280


*******************************************************
Blueprint for a New World Order

The Bible is very clear that at the time of the end there will be a world
government and world economy in place:

World Government: "...and power was given over all kindreds, and tongues,
and  nations" (Rev. 13:7).

"The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be
diverse from all kingdoms, and shall devour the whole earth, and shall
tread it down, and break it in pieces" (Daniel 7:23).

World Economy: "And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor,
free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their
foreheads; And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or
the name of the beast, or the number of his name" (Rev. 13:16-17).

As we have been documenting through this ministry for years, we can see
trends leading in this direction today. The term new world order is
becoming a regular phrase in news reports and political speeches, not just
in the articles of prophecy teachers.

In this century there have been several brazen and open calls for world
government by globalists. In its special report titled "Globalists v. The
nation state," Intelligence International Ltd. [The Stoneyhill Centre,
Brimpsfield, Gloucester, GL4 8LF, UK] observed:

  "On 17 February 1950, for instance, a leading member of the Council on
Foreign Relations, James P. Warburg, told a US Senate Committee: 'We shall
have world government whether we like it or not...by consent or by
conquest.'

  "In 1976, Professor Saul Mendlovitz, director of the World Order Models
Project, said there is 'no longer a question of whether or not there will
be a world government by the year 2000.'

  "One prominent advocate of global government is Zbigniew Brzezinski, who
served as national security adviser to President Carter. Over 20 years ago
he declared in his book Between Two Ages that "national sovereignty is no
longer a viable concept.' He suggested a piecemeal 'movement toward a
larger community of developed nations...through a variety of indirect ties
and already-developing limitations on national sovereignty.'

  "More recently, the advocates of world government have toned down their
rhetoric, not wanting to frighten the audience. For instance, Senator Alan
Cranston (D-Calif.), a former president of the United World Federalists,
told Transition, a publication of the Institute for World Order, that: 'The
more talk about world government, the less chance of achieving it, because
it frightens people who would accept the concept of world laws.' He added:
'I believe deeply in the need for world law...I believe in the concept of
federalism on the world scale.'"

Indeed, globalists did tone down their rhetoric, and also toned down the
role of the multi-purpose world government institutions in favor of
specific international organizations for certain issues. This is part of
the theory of piecemeal functionalism which Brzezinski was referring to in
the reference quoted by Intelligence International Ltd.

Harland Cleveland, in his powerful role at the Aspen Institute for
Humanistic Studies, argued that if the powerful globalist institutions
wanted to bring about world government, they would have to make a change in
plans. He pointed to the League of Nations and the United Nations as two
complete failures.

The new plan which must be followed according to Cleveland was called
piecemeal functionalism. David Rockefeller's Trilateral Commission, of
which Zbigniew Brzezkinski is a member, is perhaps one of the most powerful
of the globalist groups even though not much is heard of it in the public
media. The Trilateral Commission picked up on Cleveland's plan and
explained it this way.

  "In general, the prospects for achieving effective international
co-operation [control] can often be improved if the issues can be kept [to
appear to be] separate--what we call piecemeal functionalism...Coalitions
of specialists can be built across national boundaries in specific
functioal areas, blunting the nationalism that might otherwise hinder
agreement...Functionally specific internaional organizations succeed far
better than multi-purpose organizations [such as the UN] in accomplishing
concrete tasks."

Quite simply, the concept of piecemeal functionalism says that trying to
create a new world order directly, through large all-encompassing
organizations such as the UN will not work. However, if the focus of
activity is taken away from such large organizations and is dispersed among
many organizations, and if the pieces that will make up the whole can be
kept to appear separate--then piece by piece, treaty by treaty, law by law,
issue by issue and organization by organization--all of the pieces can be
put together like a giant jigsaw puzzle. And when the puzzle is complete,
the final picture that will appear is that of a new world order.

One of the pieces of this global puzzle requires that national trade
barriers be dismantled. Giving a speech in Vancouver, BC in May 1995, the
Japanese Minister of International Trade and Industry, Ruytaro Hashimoto,
noted, "You can point to many things that the ending of the Cold War has
done to our world, but one of them, certainly, is a general shift of
interest from the pursuit of ideological goals to the pursuit of economic
prosperity. As centrally planned closed economies have begun to try to
become open market economies, the frontier for the world economy has
greatly expanded. This, coupled with rapid advances in information and
transportation technologies, has turned the entire world into a single
market, where dynamic forces of competition are at play...

  "In an age when corporations choose a country, not the other way round,
the economic prosperity of a nation will depend on its ability to offer an
attractive business environment as part of the global business network. A
country that builds barriers to protect its domestic industry ends up
depriving itself of its own economic vitality in the medium- and long-term.

  "By extension, the whole world can hope to achieve economic prosperity,
as well as political and social stability, only by removing barriers
against global businesses so that they may operate freely."

This was the reasoning behind the establishment of the World Trade
Organization, to dismantle national trade barriers.

According to Peter Sutherland [the first head of the WTO], speaking at the
Davos Economic Forum in January, 1995, "the most immediate specific need is
for revised structures for co-ordination on international economic issues
at the highest political level. We have in short a structural deficit in
the world economy, in terms of both the making of policies and their
execution."

The reason for dismantling trade barriers is to enhance economic
cooperation as the Japanese MITI noted in his speech. This is something
that is taking full swing in the form of trading blocs or regions. Hence we
have seen the birth of so many trading blocs in recent years like NAFTA,
APEC, and ASEAN.

The earliest example of this type of trading bloc was the European
Economic Commission. The EEC, now the European Union, is a shining example
of how these trading blocs will ultimately lead to a supra-national global
government.

Intelligence International Ltd. observes, "[I]n the attempt to move
towards supra-national government without anyone noticing it much, has been
to concentrate on the economic and trade spheres.

  "There has been a proliferation of regional trade blocs, most of which
start life as innocent-sounding associations for the promotion of trade but
which soon develop wider governmental-type ambitions.

  "The European Union (EU) is the best and most-developed example of this.
When the British were faced with the question of whether or not to join
this organization in 1972, it was a Common Market they were joining. It
progressed to become the European Economic Community, then the European
Community, and finally the European Union.

  "This progress in nomenclature has been matched by a progression in the
accumulation of supra-national powers. The EU is very much more than the
customs union it started life as. It is now quite close to achieving its
aim of creating a political union in Western Europe.

  "The pressure for a single currency, a European police force, and a
joint defence and foreign policy is growing.

  "But if the EU is the best and most-developed example of this process at
work, it is far from being the only one. Sooner or later all regional trade
blocs move from espousing free trade to promoting 'fair' trade. In other
words, regional trade blocs lead inevitably to regional government, with
supra-national authority seeking to control all the elements that make up
the price of the freely-traded goods and services, including working
practices, environmental standards, the currency, product quality, product
liability, legal systems, and so on and so on until there is little or
nothing left for national governments to control--and until all comparative
advantage which is the whole basis of trade) is eliminated."

The main reasoning behind the globalist push for economic cooperation
globally is the belief that economic stability will eliminate war. The new
world order they envision will be an age of peace and prosperity, a kingdom
built on earth by man without God.

  *******************************************************
Concentration Camp Plans for U.S. Citizens

You've no doubt heard the rumors that there are massive concentration
camps under construction within the borders of the US. Below is an article
(apparently written in 1979) that details a number of ideas and theories
behind the "concentration camp rumors."

While this is a VERY old article, it does offer some valuable insight into
a number of executive orders and "disaster" laws on the books in the US and
how they could be used in times of crisis to create a fascist police state.

*Editors Note* If you drive on Highway 80 heading towards Elko Nevada from
Reno Nevada, there are 2 prisons one is occupied. I have driven this road
many times and within a years time, a new prison was built. So far I have
not seen any people out there at this "new prison". Is this new prison a
concentration camp? I do not know. I just do know that it is a new facility
and it is not occupied and basically popped up in a very short time.

Description: This facility is about 500-1000 yards off the Highway 80 and
visable on the right hand side of the highway heading north towards Elko
NV. It has 4 towers and barbed wire all over. It is also UN blue in color
(Hhmmmm). The distance between the towers are approx. 150-200 yards. Last
time I saw it, it was not occupied, this was around 4/94.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Concentration Camp Plans for U.S. Citizens
Supplied by Free Enterprise Society 300 W. Shaw Avenue Suite 205 Clovis,
CA 93612 209/294-0665 Call for quantity discounts Transcript of taped
message concerning the implementation of a dictatorial government in the
United States.

A NATIONAL EMERGENCY: TOTAL TAKEOVER

This is William R. Pabst. My address is 1434 West Alabama Street, Houston,
Texas, 77006. My telephone number is: area code 713/521-9896. This is my
1979 updated report on the concentration camp program of the Department of
Defense of the United States. On April 20, 1976,  after a rapid and
thorough investigation, I filed suit on behalf of the People of the United
States against various personages that had a key part in a conspiratorial
program to do away with the United States as we know it. This is a progress
report to you, the plaintiffs, you the People of the United States. The
civil action number is 76-H-667. It is entitled, Complaint Against the
Concentration Camp Program of the Department of Defense. It was filed in
the U.S. District Court for southern district of Texas, Houston division.
The judge responsible for the case was Judge Carl Beau [phonetic spelling].
You have no doubt heard the story: Once upon a time, under the Nazi regime
in Germany, a man worked on an assembly line in a baby carriage factory.
His wife was going to have a baby, but the Nazi government would not let
anybody buy a baby carriage.

The man decided he would secretly collect one part from each department
and assemble the carriage himself. When this was done, he and his wife
gathered up the pieces and assembled it. When they were finished, they did
not have a baby carriage; they had a machine gun. And that is exactly the
situation that I am going to present to you at this time.

The center for the Study for Democratic Institutions recently completed a
proposed constitution for the Newstates of America. The Center is
Rockefeller funded. To give you an indication of the type of constitution
proposed, the term national emergency is mentioned 134 times. The document
did not have a Bill of Rights, and the right to own arms was taken away. At
the same time, House Concurrent Resolution #28 awaited for calling a
constitutional convention on or before July 4, 1976. The presiding officer
of such an event would have been Nelson Rockefeller, Vice President and
president pro tem of the Senate. This particular resolution awaited in
committee. Obviously money would not be spent on these massive programs
unless there would be the chance for the actual implementation of such a
scheme.

However, in case the American people do not voluntarily adopt a new
constitution less troublesome to those who desire dictatorship, there is
Executive Order #11490, which will include its predecessors when it is site
herein. The Executive Order authorizes the secretaries of the various
agencies to prepare for any national emergency type situation including,
but not limited to, those specified in the Executive Order itself. If you
read the Order, there is nothing at all left to the imagination.

For any conceivable pretext, a national emergency may be declared based
upon this frightening decree, dated October 1969. The Order itself was
prefaced in March of 1969 by another Executive Order which established the
federal regions and their capitals. All the departments of the government
were involved, including the LEAA (Law Enforcement Assistance
Administration) and HEW (Health, Education and Welfare). Congressman Larry
McDonald has revealed to Congress that various guerilla and terrorist
groups were being financed by the federal government. If they (the
terrorist groups) actually began in search of activities, Executive Order
#11490 would be activated. But as mentioned previously, if you will read
Executive Order #11490, you will see that a national emergency may be
declared for any conceivable pretext whatsoever.

If the Order itself were activated, here is what would happen. The next
day you and your family would be standing in front of your local post
office with your neighbors, the front doors bursting with block-long lines
of people waiting to be registered. After waiting in line with your family
for hours, you finally get channeled through the doors. Once inside, you
overhear the postal clerk with his sidearm on telling a frightened
registrant, Look, there is nothing I can do. The truck behind the building
will take you to a work camp where you have been assigned. Your wife has
been assigned to a factory and theres nothing I can do. Then your son or
daughter looks up at you with a quivering voice and asks, Dad, why are we
here?

IMPLEMENTING THE NEW GOVERNMENT

 Well, you see theres much more to life in a free country than paying your
mortgage. You have to be aware of what is going on and act accordingly and
participate in government; that is, get involved.

Examine the organization chart on Executive Order #11490 to discover how
we have all helped finance (through our tax dollars) the mechanics of the
overthrow of our Constitution. Executive Order #11490 designates certain
authorities to the Office of Preparedness which in turn designates
authority to the various departments of the federal government.

 If the Order were implemented:

Post Office Department would be responsible for a national registration.

The State Department would be responsible for the protection of the United
Nations personnel or property and prevention of escape from the United
States.

The Department of Defense would be responsible for its expropriation of
industry; direction of service and national production systems; control of
censorship; and communication expropriation of non-industrial facilities.

The Commerce Department would be responsible for expropriation, selection
and international distribution of commodities (which would be the actual
looting of the United States), census information and human resources.

The Treasury Department would be responsible for collection of cash and
non-cash items and the recreation ofevidence of assets and liabilities.

The Justice Department would have concurrent responsibility with the
Department of State for prevention of escape from the U.S.; for
replenishing the stockpile of narcotics; for a national police force; for
correctional and penal institutions; for mass feeding and housing of
prisoners; and for use of prisoners to augment manpower which would be
slave labor.

The Federal Bank (which is not a FEDERAL bank would be responsible for
regulation of withdrawal of currency.

The GSA (General Services Administration) would be responsible for
confiscation of private property for government use.

HEW (Health, Education, Welfare) would be responsible for nationalization
of education (which the Department of Education has already done), health
services, hospitals and mental institutions.

The Labor Department would be responsible for recruiting manpower,
referring manpower, and allocating manpower so each particular person that
was registered at the post office in this national registration would be
told where he (or she) was going to work. HUD (Housing & Urban Development)
would be responsible for transfer of persons to temporary or permanent
housing in regional emergency planning and cooperation.

The Transportation Department is responsible for emergency enforcement and
control and movement of passengers and the emergency operation of the
Alaskan railroad.  There are two specific agencies here that we need to
look at and to keep in mind. They are: HEW and the Justice (Department), as
those two agencies are related to the Department of Defense. The various
military departments are part of the Department of Defense. Under it, we
have the Secretary of Army, Chief of Staff, Deputy Chief of Staff of
Personnel and law enforcement, U.S. Armys forces command, and continental
Army Reserve & National Guard. And under that we have the four armies
dividing up the Untied States. Under the Fifth Army we have the provost
marshal, who is directly connected to the Deputy Chief of Staff for law
enforcement personnel. Under the provost marshal for the Fifth Army we have
the 300 Military Police Prisoner-of-War (POW) Command at Lebonia, Michigan.


At this point I quote from retired Admiral Elmo Zumoffs [phonetic
spelling] book, On Watch: "Kissinger states, I believe the American people
lack the will to do the things necessary to achieve parity and to maintain
maritime superiority. I believe we must get the best deal we can in our
negotiations before the United States and the Soviets both perceive these
changes and the balance that occurs. When these perceptions are in
agreement, and both sides know the U.S. is inferior, we must have gotten
the best deal we can. Americans at that time will not be happy that I have
settled for second, but it will be too late".

Zumoff said, "Then why not take it to the American people? They will not
accept the decision to become second best while we are in a position of
Gross National Product twice that of the USSR."

 Kissinger responds, "Thats a question of judgement. I judge that we will
not get their support, and if we seek it and tell the fact as we would have
to, we would lose our negotiating leverage with the Soviets."

 Zumoff stated, "But isnt that the ultimate immorality in a democracy; to
make a decision for the people of such importance without consulting them?"

 Kissinger stated, "Perhaps, but I doubt that there are one million who
could even understand the issue. "

Zumoff responded, "Even if that presumption is correct, those one million
can influence the opinions of the majority of the people. I believe it is
my duty to take the other course."

Kissinger responded, "You should take care, lest your words result in a
reduction in the Navy budget. So we see what the intention of the State
Department is regarding the People."

Another fact: On December 30, 1975, the California National Guard
announced in a press release (which I have) that the states Military Police
battalions were organized and trained to provide immediate response to
virtually every civil and man-made disaster, as well as to assist law
enforcement officers in emergency situations; to carry out their law
enforcement as well as their military mission. When I asked four of the
defendants in this case for their mission statement they did not provide it
although they say it is public information. The training spoken of for the
California National Guard covers such subjects as dealing with individual
civilians/civil population, detention procedures, citizens rights, and
similar matters. And you know as well as I do that when there is Martial
Law, or Martial Rule, citizens have no rights because the Constitution is
pre-empted. Even the uniforms of the National Guards who participate in
this program are different from the regular uniforms. But the Los Angeles
Sheriffs Department paramilitary units, who have received this training
also, have army fatigues died black for their uniforms.

A further fact is the disaster preparedness plan for the Marine Corp
Supply Center in Barstow, California. Quoting from the document: Under the
Constitution and the laws of the United States, the preservation of law and
order is the responsibility of local and state government. And the
authority to maintain the peace and enforce the law is invested in the
authorities of those governmentts. There are specific exceptions to the
above concept. One of these pertains to federal intervention to civil
disturbances in certain situations. Military commanders are deemed to have
the inherent authority to take any measure reasonably necessary for the
protection of life and property in the event o fa sudden unexpected public
calamity which disrupts the normal process of government and presents an
emergency so eminent as to make it dangerous to await instructions from
appropriate authorities. This includes law enforcement duties. The manual
mentions something called Garden Plot Forces, which we will discuss at
length in a few minutes.

Don Bell (who writes a weekly report) reported on July 25, 1975 that in
May of 1975 the 303 Civil Affairs group of the U.S. Army Reserves in
Kearny, New Jersey, conducted an exercise to sharpen plans for a military
takeover of the state government in New Jersey. According to Colonel
Frances Clark, they had conducted similar studies on how to seize municipal
and county government over the past few years. But this was the first time
they had studies state government. Such units were trained during World War
II to operate captured governments in the foreign. We never had federal
troops training to take over governments in the United States. When local
violence or catastrophe struck, the National Guardunder command of the
governorwent into action. This is definitely not the situation at this time


CONTROLLING THE MASSES

On February 16, 1975, in the San Gabriel Valley Tribune it was reported
that the LEAA (funded by the Department of Justice) and the Police
Foundation (funded by the Ford Foundation) are prime movers toward
implementing a national police force. Each, however, contends they support
local police agencies. The total program involves military units that have
the function of taking over the administration of local nad state
governments. That program is Operation Cable Splicerby Army civil affairs
groups, a sub-plan of Operation Garden Plot (the Martial Law program). The
method by which the national police concept is being presented to the
public has changed. It was first disguised under the cover of protection
against civil disturbances. This program was as follows: A) Keep the people
from gathering in the streets. B) Isolate and neutralize the revolutions
leadership. C) Dispersal of crowds and demonstrators. This is followed by
successful prosecution in order to: 1) Validate the action of the police;
2) Denying the arrestees propaganda materials; and 3) Denying them the
opportunity to recover money damages against the police for arresting them.


Let me quote for you the scenario which was developed for Cable Splicer
One, Two and Three to justify the needs for dealing with civil
disturbances: Phase One an arrest and shooting provoke crowd unrest and
threats against public officials and a riot begins for form; Phase Two
police vehicles are ambushed, various attempted assassinations of public
officials occur, destruction and raiding of armories occur, and thousands
of people begin to gather and local police lose control; Phase Three
increased movement of rioters and the crowds must be dispersed before they
become sympathetic with the rioters. The National Guard and the local
police lose control. This scenario provides for an orderly transition from
state to federal control.

The Deputy Attorney General of California commented at a Cable Splicer
Three conference, that anyone who attacks the State even verballybecomes a
revolutionary and an enemy by definition. They are the enemy and must be
destroyed. This program was taught in almost every state west of the
Mississippi River and included as participants local active military,
reserve military and civilian police. The course name was Civil Emergency
Management Course. The official explanation that was to be given if any
questions were asked about the program was: This activity is a continuous,
joint law enforcement-military liaison effort and a continuation of
coordination established last year. In 1976, the Oakland Tribune carried
the most complete explanation of what is planned. It is reported in its
entirety in the National Chronicle which added an analysis to the story.
(The Oakland Tribunes editor died suddenly after the story was published.)
And I quote: Last Saturday the California National Guard unveiled a new Law
Enforcement Assistance ForceLEAF, a specially trained and outfitted
Military Police Unit, whose members will serve as shock-troops in the
states war against political protesters and demonstrators.

 I saw a full-dress exhibition of what the California National Guard has
planned for the next American revolution. Helicopters, SWAT teams, civilian
military policemen in jack boots and helmets, twelve-guage shotguns, .38
and .45 caliber pistols, radios, walkie talkies, and
electrically-controlled intelligence centers wired for instant
communications with any police force in the state. LEAF is a 1,000 member
unit put together this year to handle unique law enforcement problems such
as mass civil disobedience, protest demonstrations and riots. In other
words, breaking heads and taking names. LEAF has the support of Governor
Brown, a quarter-million dollars worth of grants from the federal
government, and no public opposition from civil liberties groups. For all
its ineptitude, however, LEAF has a frightening possibility from a civil
liberty standpoint. It is a direct product of the California Cable Splicer
conferences a series of high-level secret meetings between government
officials, law enforcement officers and military planners held during the
late 60s and early 70s. The meetings were held as late as 1975 so far, as
many public records show. These were the conferences which Counter-Spy
magazine had identified as Californias Garden Plot Sub-plan. Gary
DavisGovernor Browns right-hand mansays LEAF is to assist civil police, not
to replace them. Gary says, Civilians could expect a civilian type law
enforcement rather than what is commonly known as Martial Law. Despite this
assurance, LEAFs exercises look disturbingly like the military coup
described in the novel, Seven Days in May. LEAF soldiers with nightsticks
stood at intersections, stopping cars with suspicious occupants, checking
ID cards and generally intimidating onlookers with their SWAT-style
uniforms, their sidearms and helmets. Perhaps more ominously, several
participants in the role-playing exercises Saturday admitted that even
under simulated pressure there have already been a number of incidents
where the LEAF troops used excessive force to quell disturbanceseven though
their orders forbade it. (That ends the quotation.) Former LEAA
administrator, Charles Ross Dovan [phonetic spelling], is on record as
having stated that local law enforcement has failed and must be replaced by
a national police force. Patrick Murphy, the administrator of the Police
Foundation, states, I have no fear of a national police force. Our 40,000
police departments are not sacred.

Ex-Attorney General William Saxby warned that if we can go on as we are,
crime will invade us and the national police will take over. For the
policemen who do not cooperate and still want to be policemen, there is a
program of Contemporary Research, Inc.an organization of psychologists,
sociologists, education specialists and economic expertswho work toward a
solution of many of todays social problems. The same organization develops
specialized computer programming for the new world-wide military command
and control system, as well as computer base systems for law enforcement
agencies at all levels of government. The LEAA alone will receive over a
billion dollars a year over the next four yearseven though it has been
ineffective against crime. This is because the LEAA is not geared to
fighting crime; its geared to developing a system for takeover of the
United Styates with the assistance of the Department of Defense.

THE PLANNED POLICE STATE

 One of the programs the LEAA works on in its fight against crime is
psycho-surgery. If you dont cooperate with their programs, you are merely
operated on so that you will be as cooperative as an adding machine. Or,
the LEAA supports drug research for the same purposeto neurological sources
violence. Hence, as an example, if a law were passed whereby the ownership
of firearms was declared to be illegal, you would be placed in one of these
programs if you did not cooperate.

 The LEAA control exercise (at the states level) is from the Office of
Criminal Justice Planning of the Governors Office. Here in Texas, Mr.
Robert C. Klowers is still the executive director in that office. But all
states have that particular department. In May, 1975, the LEAA Newsletter
describes the function of one of its organizations: the National Institute
of Law Enforcement & Criminal Justice. This organization funds something
called the United Nations Clearinghouse in Rome, Italy. The function of
that organization is, among other things, the exchange of Criminal Justice
System information with the Soviet Union. And it goes without saying that
we have nothing to learn from the Criminal Justice System of the Soviet
Union.

These incredible projects are being funded with our tax dollars. The code
name for these projects are: Garden Plot and Cable Splicer. Garden Plot is
the program to control the population. Cable Splicer is the program for an
orderly takeover of the  state and local governments by the federal
government. An investigation was completed in November, 1975, by four
sources: The conservative publication American Challenge, the leftist New
Times, the foundation-financed Fund for Investigative Journalism, and Don
Wood of the trustworthy Ozark Sunbeam. It involves the potential creation
of a Police State through the use of the Pentagon and its computerized
intelligence dossier (lodged in the Pentagon basement) of thousands of
citizens by the National Guard, state and local police departments, the
LEAA, plainclothes military forces, SWAT teams and the Department of
Justice. Brigadier General J. L. Julienit [phonetic spelling], senior Army
officer of the Pentagon National Guard Bureau, has admitted, I know of no
state that did not have some form of these exercises within the last year.

Today the Cable Splicer handbook is composed of six loose-leaf three-ring
binders that are merely an outline for the impending takeover and
destruction of our Constitution. The Sixth Army used the term Cable Splicer
for the name of the operation, but it is not revealed the name of the
operation in the other military areas within the U.S.

On page four, paragraph ten on Public Information, the instructions state:
As a means to prevent adverse publicity or misleading psychological effects
in regard to coordinating, planning, and conducting this exercise, all
military participants involved will perform such duties in civilian
clothing when exercise oriented activities are conducted at lwa enforcement
facilities. In the event inquireies are received regarding this exercise,
the response should be limited to identifiying the activity as a
continuous, joint law enforcement-military liaison effort for a
continuation ofcoordination established last year. On page six, security
guidance is explained to the effect that if anybody asks any questions,
limit the information that is given out on the basis of it being in the
interest of national interest (security). Now, in the festivities
celebrating the success of completion of the exercises, Attorney General
Stanly R. Larsen, the commanding general of the Sixth Army, stated, The
most serious challenge facing all of us will be the challenge of
discharging our legitimate responsibilities.

For a significant portion of a society at large is likely to regard us
with suspicion and toquestion, even challenge our authority on the basic
assumption of our profession. Part of this challenge we must be prepared to
deal with; a potentially dangerous portion of our society which, in truth,
could well become the domestic enemy. The manual includes instructions on
operation of confinement facilities, handling and processing
prisonersincluding searching, transporting, feeding, housing and handling
of the special class of persons called detainees. The plan also
specifically includes a proposition for the confiscation of privately-owned
weapons and ammunition.

FILES ON POTENTIAL PRISONERS

The Army has over 350 separate record centers containing substantial
information on civilian-political activities. Virtually every major Army
unit has its own set aside from this. The Fifth Army of San Antonio has
over 100,000 files of its own. The overall operation command post is a
domestic room at the Pentagon. There are 25 million cards on individuals
and 760,000 on organizations held by the Defense Central Index of
investigations alone. And this information includes political,
sociological, economic and psychological profiles. All this type of
information on 25 million Americans. Since 1970, local, county and state
police forces all over the country have undertaken crash programs to
install various kinds of computerized information systems. A large portion
of this is being paid for by the LEAA.

 Beginning in 1970, Congress and the Joint Chiefs of Staff ordered the
destruction of all these data banks, but they were not destroyed. All the
outlawed collection is now located at Mt. Weather, Clark County, West
Virginia and similar Pentagon facilities designed as adjuncts to the
presidents emergency powers under the Executive Orders. The cadre of
specialized persons to enforce this plan are found in the U.S. Army
Reserves-Military Police POW Command at Lebonia, Michigan. Mr. Fenren
[phonetic spelling] of the 300th Military Police POW Command at Lebonia
told me, when I called him from the Federal Information Center at Houston,
that the camps in the Command were for foreign prisoners-of-war and for
enemies of the United States. I asked him if enemies of the United States
included U.S. citizens. He became angry, wouldnt deny it, and referred me
to a very sinister individual at the Army Reserve facility here at Houston
who I talked to; who explained to me that the prisoners were called
inventory and internees. He would not deny that the camps were for U.S.
citizens.

I called the Pentagon, spoke with the defendant there, and then with the
provost marshal for the Fifth Army, and do you know what? Not one of these
persons would deny that the system was for U.S. citizens. The provost
marshal for the Fifth Armywhen I mentioned the names of all the camp sites
said, Well at least youve got that right. The names of the detention
facilities that I gave him were a list that I had acquired from the Ozark
Sunbeam. That list of names was the same list of facilities designated
under the old Detention Act of 1950 as emergency detention centers. But
there is only one problem: That act was supposed to have been repealed in
1971. After some research, I found out what the problem was. One
Congressman when the hearings were held for the repeal of the Emergency
Detention Actmentioned that there are 17 other bits of law that provided
for the same thing. So it didnt matter whether they ever repealed the
Emergency Detention Act. The public was in fact tricked by the Congress of
the United States!

Here the designated sites:

Tucked away in the Appalachian Mountains of central Pennsylvania is a
bustling town of approximately 10,000 people. Fifteen to twenty years ago
it was a sleepy village of 400. Allanwood, Pennsylvania, is linked to New
York City by Interstate U.S. 80. It takes up approximately 400 acres and is
surrounded by a 10-foot barbed-wire fence. It now holds approximately 300
minimum security prisoners to keep in shape. It could hold 12,000 people
from one day to the next.

Thirty miles from Oklahoma City on U.S. 66 is El Reno, Oklahoma, with an
approximate population of 12,000. Due west, six miles from town, almost in
sight of U.S. 66, is a complex of buildings which could pass for a small
school. However, the facility is overshadowed by a guard house which
appears to be something like an airport control tower except that its
manned by vigilant, uniformed guard. This is a federal prison camp or
detention center. These camps are all located near super-highways or near
railroad tracks or both.

The federal prison camp at Florence, Arizona, could hold 3,500 prisoners.
It is presently kept in condition by approximately 400 legally convicted
prisoners. Wickenburg, Arizona, is famous for its municipal airport, which
was once government-owned. It is now occupied by a private party. It is
rumored to be capable of being taken back by the federal government without
notice.

Now there are a couple other of these facilities which are probably
existing under the same arrangements. This particular rumor of instant
taking back without notice has existed for about nine or ten years. The
only way it can actually be established is by looking at the local contract
for the Wickenberg Municipal Airport itself and the parties that have
possession of it. As I mentioned previously, these names were ratified by
the provost marshal of the Fifth Army, who is in charge of the 300th
Military Police POW Command. He is the one who verified them. He said, as I
mentioned before, Well, at least youve got that right.

Some of the locations are: Tool Lake in California now in private hands.
It can be retaken without notice.

Some of the others: We have Mill Point, West Virginia. I couldnt find a
thing on Mill Point, West Virginia, but in that area we have all kinds of
prisons.

 Among them are: Alderson, West Virginia, a womans federal reformatory;
Lewisburg, West Virginia, a federal prison; Greenville, South Carolina in
Greenville County is now occupied by the State Youthful Offenders Division.
Even that is a mystery to the people of that area.  Montgomery, Alabama, we
have a federal civilian prison camp at Maxwell Air Force Base. Now does
that sound right? Theres one at Tucson, Arizona, David Munson Air Base. In
Alaska we have Elmendorf at Eielson Air Force Base. And that brings us to a
facility in Florida called Avon Park, Florida. I sent a representative to
see what was at Avon Park, Florida. He found the Avon Park Bombing and
Gunnery Range, which is also listed as the Avon Park Correctional
Institute. No one is permitted because it is a bombing and gunnery range.
This was one of the places ratified by the provost marshal of the Fifth
Army.

 In 1976, as well as on March 20, 1979, I went to the Sheriffs Department
in Houston to see if our local Sheriffs Department had been infiltrated by
these plans. Well, it appears so. I was put in contact with a Lt. Kiljan
[phonetic spelling] who was in charge of some secret unit in the
department. I asked him if he had participated in military training or in
training with military personnel here in the Sheriffs Department. He denied
it, and when I asked him if he would testify so under oath he became angry
and stated, You are just an ordinary citizen. I dont have to tell you
anything. I later discovered that Lt. Kiljan is the ex-director of the
Houston branch office of the U.S. Secret Service. Now, where does his money
come from?

The area is administrated by the Houston-Galveston Area Council. In this
regional-government plan, each federal region is divided into state
clearing houses, and each state clearing house is divided into area
clearing houses. And for our area we have the Houston-Galveston Area
Council. It serves as a conduit for federal funds in two major areas: LEAA
and HEW. Most everybody thinks this organization (the Houston-Galveston
Area Council) is for the development of the areathe geographical area here
in Houston. But it is not. It is for the development of LEAA and HEW
projects. Now, this finds its counterpart in every community across the
U.S. It provides for these agencies a liaison for intergovernmental
communications, interaction and coordination.

MENTAL COOPERATION IN TAKEOVER PLANS

I examined their projects to see what they were doing. This
regional-government program distributes federal funds for two major
purposes: 1) Radio hookups between every police agency in the state to Fort
San Houston, and: 2) Mental health programs, including programs for the
mentally ill having priority of beds and hospitals.

Another interesting fact to consider is that in the Pine Bluff Arkansas
Arsenal B-Z is stored. Its a nerve gas which creates sleepiness, dizziness,
stupor and the incapacity to move about. According to the Associated Press,
the agent can be sprayed by aerosol,  injected or sprayed over large areas
by a bomb. The Military has admitted that one potential use of the gas is
for civilian control. So whatever is planned, theyve also planned a way for
you to go to your destination in a tranquil state of mind.

HEW, by law, is operated in conjunction with the United Nations through
the World Health Organization. Back in 1948, the International Congress on
Mental Healtha U.N. organization declared in its pamphlet, Mental Health
and World Citizenship, that prejudice, hostility or excessive nationalism
may become deeply imbedded in the developing personality without awareness
on part of the individual concerned. In order to be effective. Efforts of
changing individuals must be appropriate to the successive stages of the
unfolding personality. While in a case of a group of society, change will
be strongly resisted unless and attitude of acceptance has first been
engendered. Principles of mental health cannon be successfully furthered in
any society unless there is progressive acceptance of the concept of world
citizenship, the document states. Programs for social change to be
effective require a joint effort of psychiatrists and social scientists,
working together in cooperation with statesmen, administrators and others
in positions of responsibility. The three phases of the development are: 1)
Mental hospitals for segregation, care and protection of persons of unsound
minds; 2) Community Mental Health Care Centers, so that persons may be
treated in their own neighborhood; 3) Child Care Centers for dealing with
early difficulties of nationalism in a childs life. Two years earlier,
Major General G.B. Chisholm, Deputy Minister of Health in Canada who later
became director of the United Nations World Health Organization explained,
Self defense may involve a neurotic reaction when it means defending ones
own excessive material wealth from others who are in great need.

This attitude leads to war.  So his solution to the problem is: Lets
redistribute the wealth among everyone. Further, the reinterpretation and
eventual eradication of the individuals concept of right and wrongwhich has
been the basis of child trainingare the belated objectives of practically
all effective psychotherapies. Now if we digress even further, to Buria
[phonetic spelling], the director of the Soviet Secret Police in the 1930s,
we see he explained the communist political strategy through the use of
mental healings of psychiatry:

Psycho-politics is the art and science of asserting and of maintaining a
dominion over the thoughts and loyalties of individuals, officers, bureaus
and masses, and the effecting of the conquest of enemy nations through
mental healing. You must work, he stated, until every teacher of psychology
unknowingly or knowingly teaches only communistic doctrine under the guise
of psychology. If you look at the Russian manual of instruction of
psycho-political warfare, we see in chapter 9, Psycho-political operations
should at all times be alert to the opportunities to organize for the
betterment of the community mental health centers.

Now, under the new national Mental Health program at this moment there are
more than 600 of these community mental health centers across the United
States. The whole thing was promoted by Dr. Stanly F. Yoles [phonetic
spelling], who was the director of the National Institute of Mental Health
in 1969. And he stated back then, that the newest trend in treating mental
illness is care at local health care centers where the patient is not
isolated form his (or her) family and friends. They have been working on
this program for 46 years publicly, and now across the U.S.through your tax
dollarsyou have 603 centers (to be exact); Community Health Centers that
are all part of this program. And this is how they are part of the program.
(It has already happened): In the mid-1950s, there were set into motion an
interesting chain of events. About 1956 the Alaska Mental Health Bill was
proposed and later passed. It granted approximately $12 million and one
million acres of public land to Alaska so that it could develop its own
mental health program.

Now this was a little abnormal since Alaska only had a little over 400
people who were classified as mentally ill! After the bill was passed,
Alaska passed its own enabling legislation to get into the mental health
business. They started by adopting the essential elements of the Publis
Health Service Draft Act on the hospitalization of the mentally ill in the
old Interstate Compact on Mental Healthnow called the Uniform Mental Health
Act. There were no provisions for jury trial in it or anything else. You
would just be picked up and taken to the Alaskan-Siberian
Asylumincommunicadoand the state would also confiscate all of your personal
and real property! And they actually tried to do it in 1954 in the case of
Ford vs. Milinak [phonetic spelling], which declared the act as adopted in
another state (the state of Missouri) as unconstitutional. But the act
itself still existsand modifiedbut essentially in the same form, the
Uniform Mental Health Act, to which approximately six states subscribe. And
in passing most State Constitutionsif you will check them from the period
of 1935 made a part of their constitution the practice of having a person
submit to a 90-day mental examination to determine his (or her) sanity,
without any provisions for a trial by jury. This was part of the national
program at that time. In this act, the governor could have anyone picked up
and sent to the Mental Health Institution in Alaska or elsewhere.

The results as rumors back in the 50s, were that there was in fact a
sinister, Frankenstein-type mental health prison in Alaska. I wrote to
Alaska (the officials, that is) and asked them for a description of the
land of one million acres that they were eligible to receive under the
Alaska Mental Health Act. And I also asked them for a copy of the inventory
they ran for their facilities back at the same time. Well, so far no
answer. And probably, I will never receive an answer without a court order.
But through the years, there was a spot in Alaska that was continually
referred to: Southeast of Fairbanks; southwest of Fairbanks; northwest of
Fairbanks; somewhere near Fairbanks. Then I received information that a
pilot had flown over the area once and had had his license revoked. And so,
for $1.85 each, I ordered the low-level navigation maps from the federal
government for Alaska and located the Alaskan-Siberian Asylum for the
treatment of enemies of the United States. Its right where rumor over the
past twenty years had placed it: Southwest of Fairbanks. It stands out like
a sore thumb! Its the only one of that geometric configuration within the
state of Alaska, and you will note a black line running up through
Fairbanks and down over near that area of the map. That is the railroad
that the Department of Transportation would take the emergency operation
of, under the Executive Orderif the Executive Order went into effect. And
HEW would be responsible for making a determination of whetheror not you
were mentally disturbed because of your nationalistic tendencies, your love
for the United States, or your adherence to any political or religious
doctrine. But lets look a little further into the type of program that the
LEAA is paying for through the Department of Justice.

The Federal Bureau of Prisons located in the backwoods of North Carolina,
near a tiny village called Butneris constructing a mammoth 42 acre research
complex for prisoners from throughout the East. Who will be sent for
experiments to test the new behavioral programs and techniques? Target date
for completion of the entire system is ironically 1984. And so, theyre
using right now, under the LEAA program, something called anectine
[phonetic spelling]. Punishment for troublesome behavior within the prison
is being done by drugs and shock, likely to be the most selected examples
of programs that have made use of anectinea derivative of South American
curari. Anectine was originally used as a beginning factor to
electro-convulsive shock. Such shocks applied to the head are so strong
they can break and graze bones under the strain of resulting muscle
contractions. Since anectine paralyzed the muscles without dampening
consciousness or the ability to feel pain, by first injecting the inmates
with it, researchers can turn up the voltage as high as they want without
cracking the inmates skeleton when his body is thrown into convulsions by
the jolt. What the anectine does, in short, is to simulate death within 30
to 40 seconds of injection. It brings on paralysis first, with the small
rapidly moving muscles in the nose, fingers and eyes, and then in the
diaphragm and the cardiovascular system. As a result, the patient cannot
move or breath and yet remains fully conscious, as though drowning and
dying. This is from the 1974 publication, Human Behavior.

THE PEOPLE VS. THE CONSPIRATORS

The federal government answered my suit in June (1976) by filing an
unsworn general denial of everything I had alleged. I spoke with the
assistant U.S. Attorney in charge of the case and asked him if he had gone
to the trouble to call any of the parties mentioned in the suits since I
had provided not only the addresses, but thier telephone numbers to provide
a faster means of investigation. He said he had not. He had not even done a
minimal amount of investigation of the case, but yet he filed a denial of
my allegations. I filed a motion in the mean time to take the deposition of
theperson who writes the training programs for the concentration camp
guards, Mr. Richard Burragethe 75th Maneouver Air Command at Army Reserve
Center at Houston, Texas stating that in light of all the recent activity
of government agents, one of the agencies involved might attempt to murder
this key witness, the author of the training camp program. The federal
judge denied my motion, stating that I had not quoted enough cases to him
justifying my request. However, he was also aware as that there were no
cases existing on this set of facts, but as you will see as I go along with
this report, he chose to ignore it. I then made an agreement with the
assistant U.S. Attorney to take the deposition to Mr. Burrae.

 After I made the arrangements, the U.S. Attorney refused to voluntarily
go along with taking the deposition. It is very difficult to find justice
in our system of courts, which usually practiced by the buddy system, hence
the court rules are overlooked or not followed. On July 20, a hearing was
held at the magistrate of Norman Black, U.S. District Court in Houston. The
courtroom was completely filed with spectators. And although thenews media
had been contacted, no representatives of the press were there.

There is a news media blackout on this matter here in Houston. Brief oral
arguments were presented. The U.S. Attorney explained that I was not the
proper person to bring the suit because, although the free exercise of my
constitutional rights was threatened by the concentration camp program I
alleged, it did not constitute my injury. The magistrate was impressed with
the information I had thus far collected and stated that he would bring it
to the attention of the federal judge. The U.S. Attorney tried to have my
investigation of the case halted, but the magistrate would not go along
that far with a pre-arranged decision. As an additional indication of what
I was up against, the original hearing was scheduled for 10:30 in the
morning. However, the U.S. Attorney had secretly had the time changed to
2:30 in the afternoon. The magistrate gave theU.S. Attorney permission to
file for motion to dismiss becasue he felt that the speech did not present
any injury. Now, on July 23, I had placed in the Houson Post and in the
Houston Chronicle newspapers the following advertisement in the legal
section.

Quote: Solicitation for witnesses in Civil Action 78-H-667, Ford et. al.
The action titled: Complaint Against the Concentration Camp Program of the
Dept. of Defense.

Attention: If you have participated in Operation Garden Plot, Operation
Cable Splicer, the 300th Military Police Prisoner of War Command, or the
Army Reserve Civil Affairs group, you may be involved in a program that
needs to be disclosed for this suit. To give your testimony call or write;
(and here I placed my name, address and telephone number).

As I previously mentioned, there is a news media blackout on the story
here in Houston. Both newspapers refused to carry the ad. First, at the
Houston Post, I had to threaten them with a law suit to carry out the ad,
even though I was paying for it. And then at the Chronicle, I had to meet
with the president and various vice presidents becasue a refusal from that
paper had come from their own lawyers. Both newspapers finally carried it,
but only after two days of complaining. The inital response of both papers
was We dont carry stories like that and Dont you think that the people
planning the concentration camps have our best interests in mind? As you
will hear for yourselves, the policies definitely do not reflect our best
interests.  The next event that occured was that the U.S. Attorney filed a
Statement of Authority, showing the reasons that he could find why I should
not be allowed to  take depositions to get more information from the person
who was writing the concentration camp guard training program. However, his
brief was completely filed with misquotes of the law from many cases. Hed
mention the case and then invent whatever the case should say. In my brief
to the court at this point, I notified the judge of the violation of the
law requiring honesty in such matters. But the notificaiton was ignored by
the judge, who apparently sanctioned this most dishonest of acts commonly
known as quoting out of context.

THE GENEVA CONVENTION

My brief was filed on August 27. On August 31, formal arguments were set.
The new courtroom of the magistrate was almost filled again. However, no
one from the news media showed up for this hearing either. The few who were
contacted had been told not to go; they would lose their jobs. At the
hearing I introduced evidence that heretofore had never been introduced in
any court of law in the U.S. The U.S. Attorney had denied, you will
remember, everything in my suit without so much as even a tiny
investigation. So I introduced him to evidence the following letter from
the Department of the Army, Office of the Deputy Chief of Staff of
Personnel, signed by; 1B Sergeant, Colonel G.S., Acting Director of Human
Resources Development. Quoting: On behalf of President Ford, I am replying
to your letter 27 May, 1976, regarding a news article in the Dallas Morning
News. As much as he would like to, the president cannot reply personally to
every communication he receives. Therefore, he has asked the departments
and agencies of the federal government in those instances where they have
special knowledge or special authority underlogued. For this reason your
communication was forwarded to officials of the Department of Defense.

Within the Department of Defense, the Army is responsible for custody and
treatment of enemy prisoners of war and civilian internees as defined under
terms of the Geneva Convention of 1949. Therefore, the Army is prepared to
detain prisoners of war and detainees as defined in Article IV of the 1949
Geneva Convention relative to the treatment of prisoners of war and
protection of civilian persons. It is U.S. policy that its Armed Forces
adhere to the provisions of international law to set the example for other
countries of the world to follow and respecting the rights and dignity of
those who become victim of international conflict. It should be noted that
the Army program is designed for implementation during conditions of war
between the U.S. and one or more foreign countries. The Army had no plans
nor does it maintain detention camps to imprison American citizens during
domestic crises. The problem with this letter is that its not true, and
thats what Im going to discuss at this point. First of all, in verifying
the authenticity of the claims in the letter, I checked the Geneva text.
There is no article in the Geneva Convention entitled as the letter states.
There is, however, on each of the classifications; Protection of War
Victims/Civilian Persons: and a separate article on Prisoners of War. That
was the first discrepancy. Then I turned to Article IV of the Geneva
Convention. That article did not set up any requirements or authorizations
for military units of any type and does not even suggest it. Hence, the
second discrepancy.

The next problem with the letter from President Fords representative is
that it states that the prisoner of war guard program is set up for the
implemenation for conditions of war between the U.S. and one or more
(foreign) countries. However, Article III of the Geneva Convention reads
that the treaty applies to (and I am quoting): In case of an armed
conflict, not of an international character, occurring within the territory
of one of the high contracting parties. Obviously an armed conflict
occurring within ones own territory did not mean between one or more of the
parties to the treaty, especially if only one is involved. Now, the
examples of this type of conflict are: civil ware, armed insurgency and
guerilla activities. In other words, theyre speaking of a domestic
conflict. An even more shocking item is found in the last pages of the 1949
Geneva Convention under Protection of War Victims/Civilian Persons. You
will find the index card, the identification card, forms to be sued to
writing your family, and everything necessary for the administration of a
concentration camp is contained in this treaty that the U.S. signed and
ratified. Further, if there is a conflict in the U.S. involving only the
U.S. this convention or treaty can go into operationwhich includes the
procedures for setting up the concentration camps. Article LXVIII of the
Convention states (and I paraphrase): If you commit an offense that is
soley intended to harm the occupying power, not harming the life or limb of
members ofthe occupying power, but merely talking against such a forcesuch
as the Martial Law situationyou can be imprisoned provided that the
duration of such imprisonment is proportionate to the offense committed.

Well, President Dwight Eisenhower didnt feel that provision was strong
enough. So he had the following additions placed in the treaty, which
states: The U.S. reserves the right to impose the death penalty in
accordance with the provisions of Article LXVIII without regard to whether
the offense is referred to therein are punishable by death under the law of
the occupied territory at the time the occupation begins. So not only can
you be imprisoned for having exercised freedom of speech; you can be put to
death under the provisions of the Geneva Convention in 1949 for having
exercised, or attempting to exercise freedom of speech.

The next  item that I introduced into evidence was a field manual: FM
41-10, Civil Affairs Operation. You will remember at the outset that I
mentioned Civil Affairs groups. Let me quote to you from that manual what
one of the functions of the Civil Affairs activities includes: Item 4.
Assumption of full or partial executive, legislative and judicial authority
over a country or area. So lets see what a country or area is defined as in
the same manual. It includes: small towns and rural areas, municipalities
of various population sizes, districts, counties, provinces or states,
regions of national government. Nowhere in the manual does it exclude this
program from being put into effect right here in the United States. As a
matter of fact, in Kearny, New Jersey, the Civil Affairs group went into
that area and practiced taking over that governmental unit. And yet the
Army in its letteer of June 16 states that these programs are not for us.
Yet they are practiced here in the United States under conditions that can
only occur here at home. The study outline of field manual FM 41-10 on page
j-24 under Penal Institutions 1-B, you see there is a program on
concentration camps and labor campsnumber, location and capacity. It is
important to note that a concentration camp and a labor camp are always
located near each other for obvious reasons.

 Again on page d-4 of the same manual youll find a sample receipt for
seized property; a sample receipt written in English and containing
terminology applicable to only U.S. territory. On page 8-2 of the same
manual, under the heading Tables of Organization and Equipment, we find
that there are three other organizations that would be working along with
the Civil Affairs operation: the Chemical Service Organization, the
Composite Service Organization, and the Psychological Operations
Organization, along with the various Civil Affairs organizations. In July
of that year (1976), the following Civil Affairs groups met with the
following airborne groups at a staging area in Fort Chaffee, Arkansas. A
staging area is where military units meet before they go into action. They
met with the 82nd Airborne and part of the 101st Airborne; the 32nd Civil
Affairs group of San Antonio, Texas headquarters; the 362nd Civil Affairs
brigade from Dallas, Texas; the 431st Civil Affairs company from Little
Rock, Arkansas headquarters; the 306th Civil Affairs group, U.S. Army
Reserves, Fayetteville, Arkansas commanded by Lt. Colonel N. McQuire
[phonetic spelling] and William Highland. The 486th Civil Affairs company
from Tulsa, Oklahoma; the 418th Civil Affairs company from Kansas City,
Missouri; the 307th Civil Affairs group from St. Louis, Missouri; the 490th
Civil Affairs group from Abilene, Texas; the 413th company from Hanlin,
Louisiana; the 12th S.S. group, 2nd Battalion (headquarters unknown).
Theyre ready to go into action. The problem is as it appears they were
ready to take over the entire government of the United States as their
mission sets out.

One man who attended this staging area talked to a Civil Affairs sergeant
and asked him what his job was. The sergeant explained that the civilians
of this country will really be surprised some day when the Civil Affairs
groups begin to operate the government. Now, the Department of the Army
still maintains that all this is not for the United Statesyet this training
continues here for us. The evidence is overwhelming; the plan exists for
the imprisonment of millions of U.S. citizens. And even though all this
information was presented to the federal magistrate, he still felt that no
one was injured by such a plot. On the 2nd day of September, 1976, the
magistrate recommended to the federal judge that the case be dismissed. And
the sole basis for his reasoning to dismiss was that we have to be actually
physically injured before we can maintain a law suit of this type. He did
not feel that, although all this active planning, preparation and training
had been going on, that any U.S. citizen had been injuredeven though the
citizen may fear exercising his or her freedom for fear of being detained
and imprisoned in a concentration camp at a later date.

IGNORING THE CONSTITUTION

Battalion (headquarters unknown).The case of Tatum B.Laird, heard before
the Supreme Court in 1974, is a case in point. It involved the Army
intelligences collecting apparatus, which was developing a list of names of
persons who the Army felt were troublesome. The Supreme Court held that the
making of lists of this type did not of and by itself present any injuries.
The minority opinion in the case was that the injury in the case with a
program such as this made people afraid to use their freedom of speech for
fear of being sent to jail for it. But the majority did not buy that
argument. The difference between that case and this case although we also
have the computer program is that we have something much further past that
point: the concentration camp guard program and the Civil Affairs program
for the taking over of all functions of our government.

In light of that, the federal judge said that this is not an injury. As a
matter of fact, the U.S. Attorney alleged that even if people were placed
in concentration camps, if they were all treated the same they would still
not have the right to go to federal court. On the 20th day of September, I
filed a memorandum to notify the magistrate and the federal judge that I
had discovered that the federal government had a program for a number of
years to suspend our constitutional right of the writ of habeas corpus.
This information substantiated the complaint. Habeas corpus is the name of
that legal instrument utilized to bring someone before a judge when that
person is being illegally imprisoned or detained so that he or she may
obtain his or her freedom.

The Constitution states that the writ of habeas corpus shall never be
suspended. I found the disturbing information in a report: 94-755, 94th
Congress, 2nd Session Senate, April 26, 1976, entitled Intelligence
Activities and the Rights of Americans Book II. On page 17-d, entitled
First Amendment Rights, the report states that more importantly the
government surveillance activities in the aggregate, whether expressly
intended to do so, to deter the exercise of First Amendment rights by
American citizens who become aware of the governments domestic intelligence
program. Beginning on page 54 it is stated that, beginning in 1946 four
years before the Emergency Detention Act of 1950 was passed the FBI advised
the Attorney General that it had secretly compiled a secret index ofpotenti
ally dangerous persons. The Justice Department then made tentative plans
for emergency detention based on suspension of the priviledge of the writ
of habeas corpus.

Department officials deliberately avoided going to Congress. When the
Emergency Detention Act of 1950 was passed, it did not authorize the
suspension of the writ of habeas corpus. But shortly after passage of that
act, according to the bureau document, Attorney General J.R. McGraft told
the FBI to disregard it and to proceed with the program as previously
outlined. A few sentences later on page 55 it states, With the security
index, use broader standards to determine potential dangerousness than
those described in the statute. And unlike the act, Department plans
provided for issuing a master search warrant and a master arrest warrant.
This is the center importance; it is the same thing that I am alleging in
federal court. And yet the magistrate chose to ignore these facts also.

 We have government officials not only ignoring the will of Congress, but
doing the opposite of what the Constitution provides by planning illegally
for the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus. In addition, as mentioned
before, the master search warrant and the master arrest warrant are forms
fed into the computer, which prints the names and addresses on them from
the tapes previously prepared by the intelligence-gathering program. As you
are arrested, your home will be searched and anything found may be
confiscated. This program has existed since 1946 up to and including 1973,
and without proper access to judicial discovery techniques. It cant be
determined whether the same plan now exists under the same name or under
another name, right now. This memorandum was filed on September 28, to make
the court aware of the danger that our rights of freedom of speech and
lawful assembly are in. But the court, on September 30 after this
notification was receiveddismissed the case. However, in keeping with the
practice of federal courts in Houston of actively participating in the
obstruction of justice, I was not notified of the dismissal until the 6th
of October which gave me just two working days to submit any further motion
in a 10-day period before tiem starts running for the appeal.

What I have just said regarding the federal courts in Houston is not only
my opinion. The Houston Chronicle, surprisingly, published an extensive
document severely criticizing the federal courts in Houston for making up
their own rules as they go along with the proceedings, as well as
commenting on the communist-like Supreme Court attitude of the judges and
the court personnel. My experience here has been that the court has
returned to me almost every document I filed. Then after a big argument,
they reacceptthe document, stating that they just made a mistake. In
reality, the power structure doesnt want these types of cases in any
federal court.

SUMMARY OF EVIDENCE

On the 8th of October I had submitted a request for finding the facts in
the filing which had been established by the evidence presented:
1) The 300th Military Police POW Command is located at Livonia, Michigan.
2) The Department of the Army has stated that said Command exists per se
the Geneva Convention of 1949, a treaty of the U.S., Article IV thereof
under the title relative to the treatment of prisoners of war and
protection of civilian persons.
 3) However, no such title exists in the Geneva Convention per se.
4) Nevertheless, there are separate titles, one of which is: a)
Multilateral Protection of War Victims/Prisoners of War; b) Multilateral
Protection of War Victims/Civilian Persons.
5) Nevertheless, Article IV of both titles does not provide for the
creation of any military programs for concentration camps.
6) Whether Mr. Henren of the 300th Military Police POW Command has stated
that the prupose of the Command is for the detention of foreign prisoners
of war and enemies of the United States.
7) Further, Article III, concerning civilian persons, makes the treaty
applicable to conflicts occurring solely within the territory of the United
States that are not of an international character, which is capable of
including any type of conflict in its description whether it be civil war
or guerilla activity or anything else. The text states: In case of armed
conflict not of an international character occurring in the territory of
one of the high contracting parties, each party to a conflict shall be
bound to apply to the minimum of the following provisions.
8) Department of the Army field manual FM 41-10, Civil Affairs Operations
of Civil Affairs Organization, lists as one of its functions the assumption
of full or partial executive, legislative and judicial authority over a
country or an area and there is no specific exclusion of the United States
as such a country or area.
9) Said manual defines country along certain geographical population
basis, county, state regions and national government.
10) Said organization has in fact conducted practiced takeovers of local
and state governments in the continental United States, including but not
limited to the state of New Jersey.
11) Said organization includes in its study outline on page j-24 a section
on concentration camps and labor camps.
12) Said organization includes in its operations composite service
operations and psychological operations organziations.
13) Said psychological operation is working with the U.S. Public Health
Service, are prepared to operate any and/or all mental health facilities in
the United States as tools of repression against outspoken but nonviolent
political conduct of the United States citizens in conjunction with all the
above, which is to be used for the same purpose.
14) Further, the Department of Justice, in conjunction with this program,
has had plans for the suspension of writ of habeas corpus since the year of
1946; has planned depriving persons being detained under this total program
any means for protection against tyrannical repression.

The plaintiff requested that the court make findings of fact and draw
conclusions of law, consistent therewith as shown by the evidence on record
before the court. The effect of this request is that the case must go back
to the district jude for further consideration. I mentioned that it
appeared that all this planning for concentration camps was to be directed
against anyone regardless of his political persuasion or his deo-ideology
who exercised freedom of speech against the established power structure of
international bankers and multinational corporations. But with Proposition
B-type movements threatening to reduce taxes throughout our nation, I
foresee the activation of emergency programs so that the parasites on the
federal take will continue to receive their checks.

THE PRICE OF PATRIOTISM

In the same Senate document, on intelligence activities on the rights of
Americans referred to on pages 166 and 167, you will find that the federal
government has targeted its intelligence activities against one group of
Americans. On page 166, the first classification listed is rightists  and
anti-communist groups. And the first group on page 167 on Army surveillance
lists the John Birch Society as number one and the Young Americans for
Freedom as the number two target. Therefore, the groups of U.S. American
citizens considered to be the biggest enemy of the United States by the
federal government at this point is the conservative patriot. Although this
information has been available since April of this year (1979), no one has
mentioned this incredible discovery that the federal government considers
the patriotic conservative as its greatest enemy. I have received all kinds
of information regarding this case from all across the United States.

PRICE OF APATHY

I obtained the 1945 report of the OSS (Office of Strategic Services)the
precursor of the CIA7th Army, William W. Quinn, GFCAC of the G2, on the
liberation of Dachau, a concentration camp during the liberation in
Germany. It contains much groups of information, but the relevant portion
of the report concerns itself with the section on the towns people.

Quoting from his report, on why the people of this little town didnt
complain or didnt overthrow oppressors but just continued to go along and
get along even though they lost their freedom in the process.
And I quote: These words crop up and up again. They are the
rationalization of a man who admits that he was a member of the Nazi party.
I was forced to do so by business reasons, they state. We were lied to in
every respect but they admit they knew the camp existed. But they saw the
work detail to the inmates passing through the streets under guard, and in
some instances the SS behaved brutally even towards the townspeople. When
asked if they realized that within the last three months before the
liberation 13,000 men lost their lives within stones throw of where the
people lived, they claimed they were shocked and surprised. When asked if
they never saw transports of dead and dying pass through the streets along
the railway, they referred only to the last one. They insist that most of
the trains came in at night and that they were sealed cars.

Did they never ask what was in the endless procession of cars that came in
full and always went out empty? A typical reply was, We were told it was
all army material and booty from France. It is established that anyone who
stated that he saw only one train come in in the daytime was telling a flat
lie. There are quite a few such people in Dachau.

The analysis of the anti-Nazi element of the town:
1) The people knew what was going on in the camp, even ten years prior to
liberation;
2) The town did a thriving business from the concentration camp guard;
3) Ninety percent are guilty and have dabbed themselves with the blood of
innocent human beings;
4) The people are to blame for their cowardicethey were all too cowardly.
They didnt want to risk anything. And that was the way it was in all of
Germany.

The conclusion of this report written on Dachau written in 1945 on the
liberation of the concentration camp applies today. The conclusion is as
follows: If one is to attempt a tremendous task and accept the terrible
responsibility of judging a whole town, assessing it en masse as to collect
a guilt or innocence of all its inhabitants for their complicity in
committing this most heinous of crimes, one would do well to remember the
fearsome shadow that hangs over everyone in this state in which crime has
been incorporated and called the government.

So you can see how the whole program is related here. My lawsuit was
against one single aspect of the total program: The enforcement arm of the
conspiracy. The people who make up the cadre that is going to occupy the
concentration camps where enemies of the United States will be placed.
Remember Solzhenitsyns words in the Gulag Archipelago: Resistance should
have began right there but it did not begin. You arent gagged, you really
can and you really ought to cry out that arrests are being made on the
strength of false accusations.

 If many such outcries had been heard all over the city arrests would have
no longer been so easy. They, the tyrants, cant work in the public eye.
Those people who were so apathetic, hoping that nothing was really wrong,
that nothing would happen to their persons and property, sat back and
watched. The anarchists, financed by multinational interests, looted and
pillaed their country.

If you think that all [that] is necessary is to pay your house notes, to
pay your TV notes, to go vote when there is an election, and to stand back
during the rest of the year and watch as your country and way of life are
replaced by a system in which you will be a slave in a concentration camp,
younot the conspiratorsare guilty, because you, by silent acquiescence,
invite tyranny and oppression. And when you have to steal food to eat
because our production is for foreign use because the Department of
Commercethrough Executive Order 11490 and its predecessorsis responsible
for international distribution of our commodities, dont sit in the culvert
hiding and eating and wondering what happened, because you made it all
possible. When your family is split up and spread across the United States
to do slave labor and you never see your loved ones again, it will be your
fault because you did nothing to prevent it. And once we lose our freedom
we are never going to regain it. That is why we must stand together to
prevent the loss of our freedom as citizens of the United States. Thank you
very much.  [Conclusion of taped report.]
======================================
This document is part of the BeastNet archives. While some portions of
this document may contain material originally posted elsewhere on the
Internet, a commercial information service or private or public BBS, it is
posted here for the general public good and as a service of BeastNet.

While BeastNet does not impose copyright restrictions on any documents
posted in its archives, some material contained within some BeastNet
documents may be the copyrighted intellectual propoerty of other entities,
used by BeastNet either with or without permission. Be aware that you may
be violating copyright laws by resposting BestNet materials, although
BeastNet encourages the redistrubtion of all its documents, provided our
disclaimers and contact information remain intact.

For more information on BeastNet or to join us in our battle against The
Beast, contact BeastNet via e-mail at: BeastNet@farces.com or via anonymous
ftp at: ftp.farces.com
BeastNet e-mail: BeastNet@farces.com     anonymous FTP: ftp.farces.com

BeastNet is a loosely affiliated private coalition of sovereign citizens
dedicated to fighting the Beast and its agents in all their manifestations.
BeastNet is an electronic champion for free speech, civil liberties and
Constitutional rights. BeastNet offers an open forum where information,
opinion and speculation about the nature and activities of The Beast can be
freely exchanged. BeastNet is privately funded by its members and receives
no funding or other support of any kind from government or corporate
sources.

For more information on BeastNet or to join us in our battle against The
Beast, contact BeastNet via e-mail at: BeastNet@farces.com or via anonymous
ftp at: ftp.farces.com


*************************************************************

IRON MOUNTAIN---A HOAX OR BETRAYAL?
By: Paula Demers

     In 1961, the Kennedy administration ordered a "Top Secret" study to
determine what problems  the United States would face if the world moved
from an era of war to a golden age of peace. In other words, how to bring
America into the New World Order. By 1963 the selection of the specialist
had been made.  This study group consisted of 15 experts in various
academic disciplines who were selected for their expertise in their various
fields. The first and last meetings were in an underground nuclear survival
retreat called Iron Mountain.

     In the same year that this "Top Secret" study was called, 1961, The
Department of State put out a publication (#7277) called "Freedom From War,
The United States Program for a General and Complete Disarmament in a
Peaceful World".   This publication describes a three step program to
disarm the American military, shut down bases and have one military under
the United Nations.  This "military"  would be the world wide police force
to be used as "peace keepers" throughout the world. The plan would include
that "all weapons of mass destruction"  be eliminated with the exception of
"those required for a United Nations Peace Force"  (page 12 paragraph one).
In order to "keep the peace, all states will reaffirm their obligations
under the UN Charter to refrain from the threat of use of any type armed
force" (page 16, Paragraph eight) To support the UN Charter, the average
citizen will need to be disarmed;  so they cannot defend themselves against
these "peace keepers".  You don't have to watch much news to see that
today, the UN forces are used as "peace keepers" throughout the world,
disarming people so they can't defend themselves against oppressive
governments.  To quote Sarah Brady, Chair of Handguncontrol, Inc. "Our Task
of creating a socialist america can only succeed when those who would
resist us have been totally disarmed."

     I also want to point out the interesting things that happened in the
mid 1960's:  The protests against the war in Veit Nam.  The protests
against Nuclear Arms. The protests for arms reduction......Much of these
protests were done by college students.  Many who graduated and became the
doctors, lawyers, people in politics, and even the President for today.

     In 1963, the same year as  the selection of specialists for this "Top
Secret" study, President John F. Kennedy made an astounding statement.  On
November 13, while speaking at Columbus University, Pres. Kennedy stated,
"The high office of the President of the United States of America has been
used to foment a plot to destroy America's freedom, and before I leave
office, I must inform the citizens of their plight!  Ten days later,
President John F. Kennedy wasshot and killed.

     The study was completed in 1966.  President Johnson gave the order
that the report was never to be released, due to the nature of the
conclusions reached.  The purpose of this Report was to see what it would
take to bring the United States into a New World Order.  The"experts"
decided that the  American people were not intelligent enough to understand
what "big brother" had decided for them; and what "big brother"  would need
to do to accomplish what was decided for them.  If the truth came out too
soon, the American people would be able to stop it.

     To quote directly from the cover letter of this report: (paragraph
three) "Because of the unusual circumstances surrounding the establishment
of this Group, and in view of the nature of its finding, we do not
recommend that this Report be released for publication...such actions would
not be in the PUBLIC INTEREST (emphasis mine)..a lay reader, unexposed to
the exigencies of higher political or military responsibility, will
misconstrue the purposeof this project, and the intent... We urge that the
circulation of the Report be closely restricted to those who's
responsibilities require that they be apprised of its contents..."  Those
who responsibilities require they know?  Would this be the people who will
be working to bring us into a New world Order?

     One man involved in the study elected to release it to the general
public.  He did it at great risk to himself using the name John Doe.  Mr.
Do must have believed the American people were smart enough to decide for
themselves if they wanted to loose their ffreedom to a "golde age of
peace".  After John Doe released the information, the Establishment
renounced  it saying it was a hoax.  There are not many copies of this
Report left.  Some largelibraries have copies and it would be worth the
effort to check it out.  This in itself would be proof it is not a hoax.

     There are very interesting terms used and repeated throughout the
report.  Some of these include "general condition of peace", "functions of
war", "change social structure", "problems of peace", "transition of world
peace",  replacing the "function of war", "saving the species" (man),
"disarmament transition", "social control", "selective population control",
"gross population control" and "loss of national sovereignty".

     The stated purpose of this Report (taken from the first paragraph of
the cover letter) is  "1.) to consider the problems involved in the
contingency of a transition to a general condition of peace, and 2.) To
recommend procedures for dealing with this contingency. " We will do our
best to capture  the basic message in this report.

     This 34 page report basically deals with the "functions of War" and
how to replace those "functions" with other options.  So there can be peace
and the "species" (man) can survive.

THE IRON MOUNTAIN REPORT

     The introduction of this Report shows some interesting observations
this group came up with during their 2 1/2 year study. If there came a
"condition of world peace" (paragraph three)  it would change the social
structures of all the nations of the world.  There is nothing that has
happened  to compare with the change that would occur in such an instance.
They point out that there would be consequences to peace.  Not just the
economy, but every other aspect of life would be touched also.  It would
touch the "political, sociological, cultural, and ecological"  aspects.
The reason they included these aspects in their study is that the world (at
that time) was totally unprepared to cover all the demands that would come
in these areas in such a situation of peace. They conclude that at the end
of the report they give their recommendations for what they believe to be a
"practical and necessary course of action." (paragraph six)

     These 15 experts set you straight in the first section that they are
doing to be totlly objective in their study.  (Section one,  paragraph
five) They made a "continuously self-conscious effort" to keep the values
of "good" and "bad".  They admit that it wasn't easy, but as far as they
could tell, it had never been done before.  The previous studies for peace
had taken certain things into consideration:"...the importance of human
life, the superiority of democratic institutions, the greatest 'good' for
the greatest number, the 'dignity' of the individual, the desirability of
maximum healthier and longevity,...." These experts did not.  Instead they
attempted to "....apply the standards of physical science...." and go on to
quote Whitehead who said, "...ignores all judgments of value; for instance,
all esthetics and moral judgements."

     In other words, people the idea of human rights, and the value of
human life are not at all taken into consideration in the putting together
of the Report.  They took their assignment, and decided how they could take
care of all the problems without considering the people involved.  In this
report, as you will see, human beings are being brought down to the level
of herds of animals.

     Section four is interesting. (War and Peace as Social Systems). They
point out that wars are not "caused" because of international conflicts of
interest.  (paragraph seven).   They further comment that "...war-making,
active or contemplated, is a matter of life and death on the greatest scale
subject to social control..." In paragraph six of this same section, they
comment that the "threats" against the  "national interest" are created or
accelerated to "meet the changing needs of the war system".   This will be
in more detail in the next section, where they discuss the "Functions of
War".(Section five) for each section, along with their "Substitutes for the
Functions of War (Section six).  We will include booth the "functions" and
the "substitutes" under each heading.

FUNCTION OF WAR / SUBSTITUTES FOR THE FUNCTIONS OF WAR

     They go into great detail on the "Functions of War"  (Section five)
and the "Substitutes for the Functions of War" (Section six).  The areas
covered are:  economic, political, sociological, ecological, cultural and
scientific. These areas are all affected by the "functions of war" so they
will have to find "substitutes for the functions of war" in order to have
peace.

      ECONOMIC

     One "function of war" is that it uses organized violence to defend or
advance "national interest". They believe it is necessary for a military
establishment to "create a need for it's unique powers"   (Section five,
paragraph two)

     Another major "function of war" is that it produces waste.  This
waste is a means to control surpluses.  It also produces jobs and
industrial advancement.  War, basically, stimulates the economy.  Paragraph
eight states, "It is, and has been the essential economic stabilizer of
modern societies."

     In section six, they come up with options that can replace war.  They
have two criteria:  they must be wasteful, and must operate outside the
normal supply and demand system. They make a list of social welfare
programs, such as heath and housing.  But they comment that there is a
weakness in changing the money form the military spending to
social-welfare. Unless it was run like the military , "subject to arbitrary
control".  (paragraph 12)  This control would com in the form of building
(public housing--medical centers) that can be accelerated or stopped,
depending on what it would take to create a stable economy.

     Another option would be a series of "giant space research programs".
(paragraph 13)

POLITICAL

     One "function of war" in the political sense, is that war is
"virtually synonymous with nationhood" (paragraph two)   War has been
essential for nations to exist independently.   So, with "peace", nations
lose their national sovereignty.

     So a "substitute for the function of war" politically would have to
come up with something that would be compatible with no national
sovereignty.  Nations can still exist in the "administrative sense"
(paragraph two).  But there would have to be institutions, such as a "World
Court or a United Nations" that had the real authority.

     One of the things considered was generating a  type of space enemy.
They acknowledge that, "...most ambitious and unrealistic space project
cannot of itself generate a believable eternal menace...."(paragraph seven)
Even the "flying saucer instances" were not encouraging enough to be used
to unite  "....mankind against the danger of destruction by 'creatures'
from other planets...."

     An effective substitute for war, would require "alternate enemies".
(paragraph seven)  They go on to say that a "gross pollution of the
environment" could eventually replace the mass destruction by nuclear
weapons, as a "threat to the survival of the species", (meaning humans).
In paragraph eight, they go on to say that "...Poisoning of the air, and
the principles sources of food and water supply, is already well
advanced,".  This, at first glance, would seem to be promising. But they go
on to say, "...by present indications it will be a generation to a
generation and a half before environmental pollution, however severe, will
be sufficiently menacing, on a global scale....."  In other words,
pollution can offer a solution to get rid of the population that nuclear
war does; and it's already being done,  but it would take a generation to a
generation and a half to accomplish the desired goal.  They go on  to
explain that the rate of population could be "increased selectively".
(paragraph nine)  If there was a "modifying of existing programs" that
deter the pollution, it could speed up the process to make this solution
credible sooner.

     Paragraph ten stresses the fact that even though some of the
alternate enemies mentioned may seem unlikely, they are sure that one must
be found.  It must be of "...credible quality and magnitude, if a
transition to peace is ever to come without social disintegration.  Plain
English? There must be some type of "disaster" found that will unite the
nations to come under one roof.

     SOCIOLOGICAL

     The "function of war" in this section is, in the author of this
report's opinion,  an insult to human intelligence.  In the third
paragraph, they discuss the fact that military service has a "patriotic"
priority in society.  This as an idea needs to be "maintained for its own
sake".  It can be used as a "...control device over the hostile,
nihilistic, and potential unsettling elements of society in transition,
(meaning, though they don't use the term, people) the draft can again be
defended, and quite convincingly, as a 'military' necessity."  They go on
in the fourth paragraph that the "...armed forces in every civilization
have provided....state-supported haven .....for the 'unemployable'..."
They go on to comment that a replacement for this "function of war" must
"involve a real risk of  personal destruction..."  If the substitute
doesn't provide a believable life and death threat, it will not serve the
"...socially organizing function of war." (paragraph 12)

      In the "substitution for the function of war"  there were two
critical classifications.  In order for there to be a stable society in a
world of peace, the following tow criteria would be needed:  "1.) and
effective substitute for military institutions that neutralize destablizing
social elements"  (which means neultralize anti-social people) This would
be essential for "social control",  and "2.) a credible motivational
surrogate for war that can insure social cohesiveness", which would be the
basic way to adapt human drives to what the society needs. (paragraph one)

     One possible solution to control "potential enemies of society"
(paragraph six) would be to reintroduce slavery.  They asserted that the
"traditional association of slavery" should not blind us to "..its
adaptability to advanced forms of social organization..." They acknowledge
that the "Western moral and economic values" do not line up with slavery.
But it is possible to develop a "....sophisticated form of slavery..." that
may "..be an absolute prerequisite for social control in a world of
peace..." They maintain that the first "logical" step would be the
"adoption of some form of 'universal' military service."

     In paragraph seven, they comment that the "'alternate enemy' must
imply a more immediate, tangible, and indirectly felt threat of
destruction." This enemy must justify taking and paying a "blood price" in
the wide area of human concern.   They go on into paragraph eight to say,
"...inconsiderable actual sacrifice of life; the construction of an
up-to-date mythological or religious structure for this purpose would
present difficulties in our era,...certainly be considered." They go on to
discuss the development of "blood games" (paragraph nine) to effectively
control individual aggressive impulses.  To be realistic, a ritual of this
type might be "socialized" like the Spanish Inquisition and the "witch
trials of other periods".  The purposes would be for "social purification",
and "State security".  Though this type of thing is doubtful, it is
"...considerable less fanciful than the wishful notion of many peace
planners that a lasting condition of peace can be brought about without the
most painstaking examination of every possible surrogate for the essential
functions of war."  They considered this, "in a sense" the quest for
"William Jame's 'moral equivalent of war'."

      ECOLOGICAL

     This "function of war"  is put in a way very degrading to man.  It
starts out in paragraph one with, "Man, like all other animals".  Man is
brought down to the level of
beasts.  They go on to comment that, "To forestall the inevitable
historical cycles of inadequate food supply, post- Neolithic man destroys
surplus members of his own species by organized warfare." It gets better in
paragraph two, where man is compared "in a limited degree"  with rats. This
is because they kill their own kind.

     One of the "functions of war" they state, has "...served to help
assure the (survival) of the human species." (paragraph three)  They go on
to say that in nature, it is survival of the fittest; the "inferior"
disappear.  With war, this function is reversed, because those who fight
and die during wars, are "in general its (its meaning man) biologically
stronger members."  In paragraph six, they state:  "Conventional methods of
warfare would almost surely prove inadequate, in this event, to reduce the
consuming population to a level consistent with survival of the species."
Species, of course meaning man.  So conventional warfare may not be able to
kill enough people. They go on to say (paragraph seven) that, "The second
relevant factor is the efficiency of modern methods of mass destruction.
Even if their use is not required to meet a world population crisis, they
offer, perhaps paradoxically, the first opportunity in the history of man
to halt the regressive genetic effects of natural selection by war."

     They have some interesting ideas for "substitutes for the functions
of war".  Since war has shortcomings as a way for "selective population
control", they believe that coming up with substitutes for this function "s
hould be comparatively simple". (paragraph one) They believe that even
though war has not "been genetically progressive",  it cannot be fairly
faulted as a "system of gross population control to preserve the species".


     They believe to have a "universal requirement" for procreation be
limited to "artificial insemination "would be fully adequate substitute
control for population levels".  Conception and embryonic growth would take
place under laboratory conditions.  This type of "reproductive system"
would have the advantage of "being susceptible of direct eugenic
management".  (Sounds like a "Brave New World" to me.) When this report was
written, steps to have "total control of conception with a variant of the
ubiquitous 'pill', via water supplies or certain essential foodstuffs, off
set by a controlled 'antidote'" was already being developed: by teams of
experimental biologists in Massachusetts, Michigan, and California, Mexico
and the U.S.S.R. (paragraph four)

     This solution, they realize, cannot come about a substitute for war
while there is still war.  The reason?  "...excess population is war
material." (paragraph five) As long as there is even "a remote possibility
of war" societies "must maintain a supportable population" even if it
effects the economy.

CULTURAL AND SCIENTIFIC

     The "function of war" wouldn't make too much difference in the area
of art. They do believe that it has a role "..as the fundamental
determinant of culture values." (paragraph two)  Right now art shows
"...The exaltation of bravery, the willingness to kill and risk death in
tribal warfare".

     The "function of war" concerning science is a different story.  What
motivates the development of science on all levels.

     A "substitution for the function of war"  for art would simply be for
art to change.  It could be used as previously "in a few primitive
peace-oriented system". (paragraph three)  Art would be "reassigned" to
"...decoration, entertainment, or ply...". it would be "entirely free of
the burden of expressing the sociomoral values and conflicts of a
war-oriented society..."

     In science a "substitution for the function of war" could be to go
into a "giant space research program" (paragraph four)  They have found, if
all war threats were to end tomorrow, the quest for scientific knowledge
could go forward, without slowing down for "perhaps two decades".
(paragraph five)  There are many "unresolved" social issues that can be
researched and dealt with.

  OTHER

     We have combined section's five and six to show you that what the
"experts" said the "functions of war"  are in our society along with some
of their "substitutions for the functions of war".  Section five ended with
some extra comments that we will summarize here.

     They consider war a "general social release" (paragraph two) It
provides "the release and redistribution of undifferentiated tensions".  In
other words, a type of therapy.  It is a "generational stabilizer"
(paragraph three) that enables the "deteriorating older generation" to
"maintain control of the younger, destroying it if necessary". It clears
ideology.  It is a basis for international understanding.

SUMMARY AND CONCLUSIONS

     Since war is not a "political issue" but used as a means of control,
if an "era of peace" were to come, there would have to be drastic changes.
Section Seven gives the "bottom line".

     War has provided a dependable system to maintain economies.  Any
substitute would have to be able to take the place of what war does to
maintain economies. There would have to be a way to take care of the
"waste" war does that will permit it to be independent of the normal supply
and demand economy.  It must be subject to "arbitrary political control".
(paragraph three-Substitutes for Functions of War: Criteria)

     In the political aspect, war has been the foundation for a stable
government.  Political authority is accepted.  War has made it able "to
maintain necessary class distinctions".  It also ensures the "subordination
of the citizen to the state" though the concept of nationhood. (paragraph
three, functions of war) The substitute for war must make it so an external
menace would require people to accept the political authority.

     The sociological function has been able to control dangerous social
dissidence and destructive tendencies.  It has been able to motivate human
behavior with social allegiance.   To replace this, a credible omnipresent
and understood fear of personal destruction must be generated.  This fear
must be big enough to transcend the value of an individual human to the
greater good of the whole.

     The ecological function has been used to maintain a balance between
gross human population and the supplies available for its survival.  The
substitute must insure the survival of the species. (man)

SUBSTITUTES FOR THE FUNCTIONS OF WAR: MODELS

     Here are a few examples these "experts" came up with in order to
replace some of the functions of war.  The economic function can be
replaced with an in depth social-welfare program.  This program can be
directed towards the improvement of the conditions of human live.  An
unreachable space research program is another option.  Disarmament
inspection system with variants of such a system.

     The political function can be a omnipresent (virtually omnipotent)
international police force.   There should be an established and recognized
extraterrestrial menace.  They recommend massive global and environmental
pollution.  They even suggest fictitious alternate enemies.

     The sociological function (they call the Control function) can be
programs derived from using the Peace Corps as a model. Slavery in a
modern, sophisticated form is another option.  A motivational function to
get control can be intensified environmental pollution.  Also, making new
religious or other mythologies.  Socially oriented blood games is another
option.

     Since war isn't choosey on who dies, the ecological function can be a
comprehensive program of applied eugenics.  (Plain english:  breeding
superior races)

     I am going to end the summary of this report here.  Yes, there is
much more in the report, but I believe you get the jest of it.  I am going
on to bring this report into what is happening today.

ARE THE RECOMMENDATIONS BEING FOLLOWED?

     This report was concluded in 1966.  President Kennedy was shot before
he could explain what he was talking about at Columbia University.  Johnson
ordered this Report to be sealed.  The "experts" recommended that no one,
except those who needed to know, be exposed to the contents of this report.
One man, to whom the American people owe a debt of gratitude,  thought we
had a right to know.  Let's take a look at what has been going on in
America in the past 30 years.  Are we being manipulated and conditioned to
accept a New World Order from an outline of 15 experts? (Because of lack of
space, I will be summarizing. I encourage people to further investigate any
examples given to verify).

THE HERD

     I found it very interesting that these "experts" took all moral
issues out of their evaluations.  Man was brought down to the level of
animals, like a herd of cattle that needed to have decided what was best
for the greater good of the herd.  Who would have to be slaughtered and who
could be used to increase the herd? What could be done to get rid of the
excess members of the herd? What about  the potentially  "criminal" cattle
who would not go with what the owners decided would be best?

     This Report made us  to be pawns that have been used to benefit the
elite.  Great study and care was taken as what to do to re-condition these
pawns to a whole different type of thinking.  These pawns who have been
conditioned so long to think one way. Though the types of things I will be
discussing are happening all over the world, I will be mainly talking about
America.  There couldn't be a New World Order if America didn't fall first.


  POPULATION CONTROL

     Since the legalizing of abortion, over twenty years ago, there have
been over 36 million Americans murdered before they could be born.  That is
more Americans than have died in all the conflicts America has been
involved with all put together.  American's have been conditioned to
believe that this is not "murder"  but  is "choice".

     For Desert Storm, our soldiers had to have shots to "protect them
against chemical warfare".  These shots were the germs of botchulism and
amtrex.  Since then over 7000 of our best service men have died.

     Euthanasia and the "right to die with dignity" are being pushed so
the "quality of life" can be improved.

     Extermination camps are being built to do away with "undesirables".

    Aids is a government made disease that the spread of it is encouraged
by our government.

 GLOBAL PEACE KEEPERS

     The United Nations (UN) has a military that goes around the world as
"peace keepers".  The members of the UN forces come from all countries.
These "peace keepers" are also stationed in the United States in the closed
bases throughout the country. They are also in some of the bases that are
opened.  Foreign tanks and vehicles are coming to America and secretly
being painted white (UN color)  in various military installations around
the country.

     The US is disarming their military and closing down military bases
all over the country. Our president can sign an executive order that will
put the military under the command of the UN.  US soldiers are already
having to put aside their oath and take the oath of the UN forces.

     Racism is being pushed over the media and though the government.
Should riots develop, as in other countries, we will need a "peace keeping"
force in the US.  They are ready.

NEW RELIGIONS? BLOOD SACRIFICES?

     The New Age will be the only acceptable religion of the NWO.  It is
everything against Christianity and has infiltrated every area of our
lives.

     Satanism and other Occult religions are already having ritual human
sacrifices.

EXTRATERRESTRIAL ENEMY?

     When this was written, over 30 years ago they acknowledged that this
would be hard to convince the people of.  Even with the UFO sightings that
had already been put out.  What has happened in the past 30 years?

     Well, there have been "alien abductions", and many more UFO sightings.
To top it off, there are UFO clubs where people who have "seen aliens" or
"been abducted" can get together for conventions.

     To top that off, we have had over 25 years of Star Trek, which has
enforced a one world government.  Throughout both series and the movies
they have the "New Age" philosophy.  (New Age will be the only philosophy
accepted by the NWO) These folks have all kinds of experience with various
races on other planets.

     Star Wars has also conditioned people to believe in a "galaxy far far
away". These reinforce extra terrestrial life on other planets. The two
movies, "V" and "V the Final Battle" and then the series shows and invasion
from another planet.  The movie "Alien" shows this also.  The world would
have to unite, should the "movies and television programs" come to life
with a "real" enemy.

      ENVIRONMENT

     There is not scientific evidence available to prove all the
environmental problems our government it trying to push on us.  There is no
such problem as "global warming" for example.  But, people such as Vice
President Gore and "NWO Lieutenant" Rockefellor are coming out with books
that if we don't unite as a world, to work on the environmental problems,
we will not survive.  (Fictitious Enemy?)

MORE FICTITIOUS ENEMIES

     It is interesting that the media, with the help of the government, is
coming up with all these "potentially dangerous" groups of people?  These
extremist groups, such as Christians, Militia members, talk show hosts,
right wing radicals, conservatives etc., are being mentioned regularly as
"potential terrorists". Between this and the racism the government is
pushing, it will make it easy for them to call a police state, and round up
all the people who disagree with them.  Those considered to be "enemies of
the state".

      SLAVE LABOR

     Anyone on welfare is already a slave to the government.  They are
working on legislation where these people will have to work for their
benefits.  After 1996, (around May)these benefits will not come in the form
of cash or food stamps.  There will be a debit card.  This will stop
"welfare fraud" and give the government more control over it's welfare
slaves.

     There are also several labor camps built, ready to activated.  These
labor camps will be for strong prisoners who are considered "dissidents".

  GENETIC EXPERIMENTS

     These experiments are already done on aborted babies.  Thanks to a
bill signed into law by Pres. Clinton to support fetal experiments.

     What many folks don't know about are the bio-spheres being built in
the mountains.  (The two I know about are, in Washington state and North
Carolina.)  No one can have access to these places now as they are
surrounded by guards.  Bio-sphere is the UN term for Colony.   It is
rumored that these "colonies" are being used for breeding of the "superior
race".

     There are also concentration camps built that have "storage
facilities" for human organs.  These camps will be used for genetic
experiments.

      IN CLOSING

     I would like to comment that in all the reports this author has done,
and all the information I have read, Iron Mountain has had the biggest
impact on me.  The fact that a few men can come up with a plan to bring a
"once free nation" into fascism upsets me.  The fact that many of their
suggestions are being followed makes me angry.  The fact the majority of
the American people don't know, and don't want to know is very unbelievable
to me.

     I'm sure our founding fathers are "spinning in their graves" as they
watch us give upwith out a fight what they fought and died for without a
fight.

NOW IS THE TIME FOR ALL GOOD MEN TO COME TO THE AID OF THEIR
                                COUNTRY!


*************************************************************


The following is a transcript of the speech I gave at the Pro-US
Sovereignty / Anti-UN Rally in Columbus, Ohio, which contains new, damning
evidence about  the Council of State Governments (CSG).  For example, did
you know the CSG:

	* was started with Rockefeller money?
	* admits it's anti-gun rights policy?
	* actively pursues the destruction of the States via Regionalism?

The transcript also contains a preview of the contents of the CSG's
"States Petition" -- the destruction of the 10th Amendment.

Dan Druck, Council on Domestic Relations

Towards A One-World Government -
                   The Council Of State Governments / Un Parallel Plan
by Dan Druck, Council on Domestic Relations

SPEECH GIVEN AT COLUMBUS, OHIO - October 21, 1995

COS

Back in January of this year, our Constitution and therefore our freedom
came under one of the most dangerous attacks in its 209 year history when
the Council of State Governments launched its Conference of States
Resolution blitzkrieg in the state legislatures.  Bypassing house and
senate committees and taking the Resolution directly to the floor for vote,
the COS was passed in 12 states in only 6 weeks.  It took that long for the
grass-roots to mobilize an opposition force.  Since that time, the COS has
only been passed in 2 more states but was defeated in 27 -- a testament to
the power that we as common Americans DO have.  Even CSG Co-Chief Honcho
Nebraska governor Ben Nelson grudgingly admitted, "They're frankly very
well organized and have done a good job in raising doubt in the minds of
people...." Well Ben, if you were amazed at what we all accomplished then,
wait till you see what we're going to do in the next round of this battle!

Oh, the globalists would like us to go on believing that we are hopelessly
outnumbered, outfunded and have lost the battle.  I implore everyone who
hears my words not to succumb to these psychological warfare tactics.  By
the grace of God we can and we will return to this nation a Republican form
of government as defined by the Constitution! And we will do everything in
our power to accomplish this peacefully through our Constitutional system.
Every totalitarian / unconstitutional act, law, Executive Order or
Presidential Decision Directive foisted upon America wakes up that many
more to the fact that something is dreadfully wrong and...  more
importantly..... that something has to be done about it!

The COS proponents in collusion with the major press say we're all crazy.
Quoting COS Honcho and Utah's Governor Mike Leavitt, "The militia groups
and the patriot organizations and the John Birch Society and a lot of
gun-related type organizations concluded that it was part of a larger
global conspiracy that would essentially mutate this conference into a
constitutional convention," Leavitt told the Associated Press.  "The logic
is beyond me."

That's horse-hockey, Mike.  One only has to look to the major power behind
Leavitt to find the real orchestrators of the COS and then ask the
question, "What is the Council of State Governments?"  According to the
CSG's "Book of States" first published back in 1937, it is a tax-exempt
non-profit private international organization which was started in 1933
with a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation's Spellman Fund.  The force
behind the CSG's creation is the same force that was behind the United
Nation's creation.  What are the CSG's stated objectives? I'll let them
tell you in their own words.  I quote from the CSG's quarterly publication,
"The Journal of State Legislators", 4th
Quarter, '91:

  "Every state legislature has a productive role to play in the
globalization  phenomenon.  Although legislators should proceed cautiously,
they must be open-minded, progressive, diligent, well-informed and amenable
to new methods to deal with old problems."

  "Over the past few years, there have been substantial socio-economic and
geopolitical changes that should promise a more prosperous and more
peaceful world, where human rights are respected.  It has been gratifying
and moving to witness the fall of the Berlin Wall, the thawing of the Cold
War, the abolition of centrally planned economies and abusive Communist
systems and the liberation of peoples from the Ural Mountains to the Andes.
International cooperation and commitment in dealing with global problems
has soared astronomically.  State governments have an important role to
play, not only in understanding were they fit in but also in erecting what
President George Bush has called the New World Order.  This order -- if
implemented properly -- will emphasize collective security, international
cooperation and a dependence on international law to resolve conflicts,
promote economic and social development and create a respect for human
rights.  Predictably, state governments -- and legislatures in particular
-- will be pivotal players in this international scenario.  We are living
in a global environment that offers new challenges, demands and problems.
We must prudently, yet forcefully seize the opportunity and be constructive
players."

I think their own words make their globalist, New World Order agenda very
clear.  We know the CSG and not Leavitt orchestrated the Conference of
States because in 1989 the CSG along with the ACIR published a paper
proposing the same amendments to our Constitution as Michael Leavitt now
promotes -- and that was before Leavitt was elected Governor of Utah.

Should the Pro-Gun groups fear the CSG's activities? On page 92 of the
1937 "Book of States" the CSG subcommittee on Control and Regulation of
Firearms agreed, "Almost every serious crime involves the use of firearms,
and some method of checking the sale and possession of firearms is of
utmost importance." And you, Gov. Leavitt, say you're perplexed.  You, Sir,
are a yliar!

As to their comments inferring that we're crazy to think the COS could
evolve into a Con-Con.  Could it?  The short answer is "Yes".  I won't
waste podium time with the details but the evidence we brought forth was
obviously solid enough to convince legislators in 27 states.  In fact, like
the evidence I'm using in my presentation today, much of the anti-COS
evidence we use comes from the CSG itself!  Members of the Press who are
here today: I challenge you to look at the evidence on which our assertions
are based.  We have a complete document / info package available for those
who would like it -- see me after my presentation.  With this evidence in
hand, if you, members of the press, continue to participate in spreading
propaganda to the contrary, you will be knowingly participating in the
theft of your own children's freedoms and liberties!

Well....  a Con-Con in the 1990's? What would be the outcome? Based on the
history of the Con pursuit and the goals and objectives of the "Con Men"
who promote it, perhaps we would end up with a "Constitution for the
NewStates of America" which is a product of the Rockefeller and Ford
Foundations.  At any rate, we can be assured that whatever the result, our
Constitution... and therefore our country...  would be gutted and trashed.
After all....  the Constitution is the main obstacle facing the proponents
of one world government.  To destroy it would be the final step towards the
realization of
their goals.

The CSG has been responsible for promoting many other programs designed to
destroy the Republic, including the complete dismantling of the States
themselves by way of Federal Regionalism.  From page 97 of the 1935 "Book
of States":

  "...There should be about ten regional headquarters in various parts of
the United States, each of which would serve as the operating center for
the appropriate interstate commissions....  ...the federal government may
take over the major functions of the states, and build an organization from
the top down; Washington at the top, ten regional offices below it, and the
states below them."

The press calls us conspiracy freaks if we suggest that such destructive
pursuits are part of a major, organized effort.  But along with the CSG,
the American Legislative Exchange Council, the Advisory Council for
Intergovernmental Relations, Rush Limbaugh, the Council on Foreign
Relations, Paul Weyrich, and many others have been promoting and/or
installing regional government in America.  Even the Multi-National
corporations who are at the heart of such destructive plans get into the
act.  I hold in my hands a copy of the back of a Kicks cereal box with a
map showing "America's (10) Regions!" - General Mills' attempt at
brainwashing our children.

State Legislators need to know the CSG's true agenda.  They need to cut
through the slickly packaged rhetoric of the CSG and see what is truly
behind the garbage which they promote.  At the American Legislative
Exchange Council's May 19th meeting in Richmond, Virginia, Virginia's
Governor and COS advocate, George Allen said.

  "The COS would be a good idea -- it would be a bi-partisan gathering of
state leaders to develop a unified agenda for [implementing] structural
changes that would restore power of states under the US Constitution."

  "We need to have some specific ideas on structural changes and
improvements to the Constitution.  I and you and ALEC support the allowance
of 3/4 super-majority [of the states] to initiate amendments to the
constitution without having to go to Congress or a Con-Con.  And I would go
a step further -- I think when 3/4 of the states formally resolve that
Congress has exceeded its constitutional authority in enacting a statute, I
believe that should be sufficient, in effect, to repeal that federal
statute."

What is Governor Allen trying to do? Gutting the 10th Amendment.  In fact,
that is one of Allen's proposed amendments in his EO#37.  Currently, any
one state acting totally independent of the others can reject
unconstitutional statutes.  Allen is attempting to change the 10th
Amendment so that it takes 3/4 of the states to reject unconstitutional
statues.  To make this worse Allen's proposed amendment (detailed in his
EO#37) to the 10th Amendmentwould allow 2/3 of the vote of Congress to
override the 3/4 of the states rejection by resolution.  What Allen is
proposing is the complete destruction of the 10th Amendment.  The large
number of state legislators who applauded Allen's words should show you,
the grass roots, the urgency and the critical need for you to step up your
efforts to educate your state legislators.

Gov. Allen, Ross Perot, and the rest of you who promote changing our
Constitution I say to you this: The problems we face in America today are
not because of Constitutional flaws but because of the lack of
Constitutional enforcement! DON'T CHANGE IT, ENFORCE IT!!!

Is the COS battle over? Far from it! Tomorrow the CSG will begin their 3
day "Federalism Summit" - a brainwashing / propaganda campaign funded by
millions of dollars donated from the Multi-National Corporations and
Foundations.  It is up to every American who hears this message to contact
their state legislators, make them aware of the FACTS by providing them
with the documented evidence which we have compiled.  Get on radio
talk-shows, write letters to your local papers, help anti-COS candidates to
either stay in office or get elected.  The very foundational cornerstone of
the American Republic -- the Constitution -- is at stake.

UNITED NATIONS
I mentioned earlier that the CSG and the UN were siblings as both owe
their birth to the major Foundations such as the Rockefeller Foundation.
The parallels of the CSG's agenda to that of the UN's cannot be ignored.

The pursuit of Regionalism is big on the UN's Agenda.  Another name for
Regionalism is "Metro Government".  The United Nations report (1967)
entitled "Planning of Metropolitan Areas and New Towns" lays out a
blueprint for regionalizing the world, including the Sovereign States of
the united States of America.  And just hot off the press is the United
Nations Report of the Commission on Global Governance celebrating its 50th
anniversary - which is the very reason we're all here today...  To indicate
the progress being made toward world regionalism, here are a few quotes
from the UN's new report:

  "REGlONALlSM - The UN must prepare for a time when regionalism becomes
more ascendant world-wide, and even help the process along.  It is
committed to doing so: the Secretary-General has called repeatedly for a
strengthening of regionalism in global governance, in development no less
than in peace and security."

	- another -

  "REGlONALlSM and GLOBAL GOVERNANCE - The development of regionalism
cannot be isolated from global institutions.  Affecting each other in many
ways, these groups should be linked in a dynamic process of interaction.
Regional arrangements have the potential to complement and contribute to
GLOBAL GOVERNANCE, but may not produce a positive outcome automatically."

Is this the "experimentation" to which Governor Leavitt's COS reports refer?

We now see many of our national parks and other "federal" land being
classified as "UN Biospheres" which, in essence, proclaims all life as
equal.  By what authority did our government reclassify OUR land as a UN
anything?  Certainly NOT the Constitution!!!

Leading up to the UN's 50th Anniversary, there has been much talk of
"reorganizing and strengthening" the UN from people ranging from Bill
Clinton to the Pope.  And yet the press continues to poo-poo the statements
made by those in fear of being merged into a UN Global Government.  In the
UN's March, 1993 edition of the "UN Chronicle", "the general assembly is
facing an historic challenge to truly become a functional world parliament
on the basis of the United Nations Charter." A functional world parliament,
indeed! Even in a parliament, the members are elected.  Does the UN expect
us to believe that this parliament will be comprised of ELECTED members?

As to the evidence of the efforts to thrust us into world government, a
1950 U.S. Senate report on "Resolutions Relative to Revision of the United
Nations Charter, Atlantic Union, World Federation, Etc." pg. 494 James P.
Warburg (CFR), grandson of Federal Reserve founder, Paul Warburg (CFR)
testified:

  "...  the great question of our time is not whether or not one world can
be achieved, but whether or not one world can be achieved by peaceful
means.  We shall have world government, whether or not we like it.  The
question is only whether world government will be achieved by consent or by
conquest."

Again, members of the press who deny that a UN sponsored
pro-one-world-government propaganda campaign exists, we have the words
right out of the UN booklet, "Headline Series #59" (New York: The Foreign
Policy Association., Sept.-Oct., 1946) pg 46, quoting Allen W. Dulles
(CFR):

  "There is no indication that American public opinion, for example, would
approve the establishment of a super state, or permit American membership
in it.  In other words, time - a long time - will be needed before world
government is politically feasible...  This time element might seemingly be
shortened so far as American opinion is concerned by an active propaganda
campaign in this country..."

These are THEIR words, not ours.

Members of the press including Mr. Limbaugh, as to your snickering of the
mention of the words, "New World Order" and the CFR's involvement, I quote
from the April, 1974 issue of the CFR's flagship publication, "Foreign
Affairs in which Richard N. Gardner states in his article, "The Hard Road
to World Order":

  "..the house of World Order will have to be built from the bottom up
rather than the top down...  an end run around [American] sovereignty,
eroding it piece by piece, will accomplish much more than the old-fashioned
frontal assault."

In his book, "Foundations", Dr. Rene Wormser, Chief Council to the Reece
House Committee Investigation on Tax-Exempt Foundations tells us what the
1953 Reece Investigation discovered about the link between the tax-free
foundations, the CFR and the United Nations.  He says,

  "The Council on Foreign Relations, another member of the international
complex, financed both by the Rockefeller and Carnegie foundations,
overwhelmingly propagandizes the globalist concept.  This organization
became virtually an agency of the government when World War II broke out.
The Rockefeller Foundation had started and financed certain studies known
as The War and Peace Studies, manned largely by associates of the Council
(CFR); the State Department, in due course, took these Studies over,
retaining the major personnel which The Council on Foreign Relations had
supplied".

  "Foundation activity has nowhere had a greater impact than in the field
of foreign affairs.  It has conquered public opinion and has largely
established the international-political goals of our country." [He goes on
to list some of the "major instruments" as the Council on Foreign
Relations, Foreign Policy Association, Institute of Pacific Relations and,
United Nations Association.]

  "It would be difficult to find a single foundation-supported
organization of any substance which has not favored the United Nations or
similar global schemes; fantastically heavy foreign aid at the burdensome
expense of the taxpayer; meddling in the colonial affairs of other nations;
and American military commitments over the globe.  This was comparatively
easy to accomplish because there was no organized or foundation-supported
opposition.  The influence of the foundation complex in internationalism
has reached far into government, policymaking circles of Congress and State
Department".

So there you have it, members of the press including YOU, Mr. Limbaugh.
To downplay the CFR-backed efforts to install the United Nations as a One
World Government is to participate in this treasonous act against your
country, your countrymen, yourselves and your children.

And what about the active policies and laws to dismantle our military and
turn things over to a United Nation's "peace keeping" force? Will the
members of the press laugh at us for this assertion?

>From the "State Department Publication 7277" which spawned PL87-297 and
101-216, I quote:

  "a world in which adjustment to change takes place in accordance with
the principles of the United Nations." ........"The disbanding of all
national armed forces and the prohibition of their re-establishment in any
form whatsoever other than those required to preserve internal order and
for contributions to a United Nations Peace Force".

	And most ominous,

  "In Stage III progressive controlled disarmament and continuously
developing principles and procedures of international law would proceed to
a point where no state [nation] would have the military power to challenge
the progressively strengthened U.N. Peace Force..." This dismantling of our
military and the transference to the U.N. was laid out to take effect in a
three-stage plan.  We are nearing the completion of Stage II and
transitioning [sic] into the third and final stage.  U.S. soldiers, "in
defense of the World Order, are killing and dying" in foreign countries
while our closed military bases are swarming with foreign troops under the
guise of multilateral training.  They call it "Partnership for Peace".

As Arthur Schlesinger, Jr. said in the July/August, '95 issue of "Foreign
Affairs"...

  "We are not going to achieve a new world order without paying for it in
blood as well as in words and money."

  "In defense of world order...  US soldiers would have to kill and die."

In the spirit of a TRUE American hero, Army Specialist Michael New has
taken the bold stand by refusing to wear the UN Blue Beret.  We must rally
behind this fine young gentleman as if he was our own son or brother.
Indeed, he IS truly our son and our brother!!

The September issue of our national newsletter clearly spells out why
Michael New does not have to don the blue beret of the United Nations.  I
urge you to get a copy.

Additionally, Bill Clinton does not have the power to order any of our
military ANYWHERE.  Article 2, Section 2 clearly states,

  "The President shall be Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United States, and of the Militia of the several States, when called into
the actual Service of the United States..."

Since only Congress can order our Military into battle, therefore calling
them into the actual service of the United States, until such time as that
has occurred, the President is NOT the Commander in Chief!!

The controlled media has referred to grass-roots American political
activists as "a dangerous lunatic fringe".  In the first place we are not a
"fringe".  There are millions of us working together to block their
insidious global schemes.  And secondly - if we must name-call...  let's
have something to back it up.  We have it and we assert.....  THEY are the
dangerous lunatic fringe.  As example....

>From the Des Moines Register on the 7th of this month a headline reads....

  "UN. GROUP RECOMMENDS TAX ON CATTLE"
Washington, DC.  - "The United Nations, which generally brokers
international peace agreements, has turned its attention to METHANE
EXPELLED BY COWS." It goes on to tell us that "a UN. group, looking to
combat global warming has recommended that Western nations impose a tax on
livestock to reduce the number of cattle and thus limit the production of
methane, a green-house gas."

The recommendation came out of commitments made at the UN Rio Earth Summit
in '92, and if adopted it would shift cattle production from "developed
Western nations" to "developing countries".  These UN "experts" tell us
that cattle are adding to the global warming problem - which, by the way is
another hoax - "through eructatation - essentially burping - and through
flatulence".

So...  we not only have the UN World Military Police - it looks as though
we may also have to suffer the UN World Fart Police.

On a not-so-humorous note, this next revelation speaks not only to their
insanity but the perversion and immorality being promulgated world-wide.
The language and topic is delicate.  However, if we don't speak about it
now we will be living it in the near future.  From a report on the "United
Nations Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing" we find a series of
workshops presented - among which were listed the following:

* Lesbian Flirtation Techniques Workshop
* Lesbianism for the Curious
* Spirit and Action: Lesbian Activism From an Interfaith Perspective...

Those are just a few and the most unbelievable and appalling was the
workshop entitled "The Role of Inflatable Life-size Plastic Dolls and
Dildos in Improving Health".  The description reads...  "The inflatable
life-size plastic doll will take the brunt off women and help to solve many
global problems".

Now, I ask you...  Who is the "dangerous, lunatic fringe"?

CONCLUSION
You have just heard many examples of attempts to destroy the Constitution
and a very small sampling of the on-going usurpations of our Supreme law.

Many within our own movement would have us believe that our Constitution
has been suspended by laws, Executive Orders, treaties, the War Powers Act,
etc. That is not only dangerous, it is inaccurate.

There is NOTHING in the Constitution which gives the power or authority to
nullify, void or suspend it.  Although our federal government may use such
bogus laws in an attempt to bamboozle us into thinking it's dead, but
NOTHING IS OVER UNTIL WE THE PEOPLE SAY IT IS!!!

The Constitution resides in our hearts and lives by our demand for the
enforcement of its provisions.  I implore all of you here today to double
your efforts in demand for such enforcement.  Warn your state legislators
about the CSG's COS shannigans.

Freedom isn't free - it must be paid for.

"...we mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes, and our
sacred honor".  These are the words of the founders of our country and
that's the price they were willing to pay for freedom.  The price of
freedom continues...  for each generation.  When a generation fails to make
it's payment in full, that portion of the debt with its ensuing penalty
carries forward to the next generation like numbers on a ledger.  Are we to
leave a legacy of servitude and bondage to our children? What do we
possibly have or what could we ever obtain that would be worth that price?
In that light, freedom is a bargain at whatever cost.

To those of you here today who have looked beyond the main-stream press
for answers, I am here to urge you to double your efforts to reclaim our
Republic.  For those who may only now be waking up to the reality of what's
really wrong with our country, I pray to God almighty that he has given me
the words that will convince you that what I'm telling you is worthy of
consideration and substantive enough for you to seek out the documentation
to prove these claims to yourselves, your families and your friends.  How
pompous and grandiose we are when we assume that tyranny is something that
only befalls those of other countries.  How selfish and myopic we are
regarding our future generations and the legacy we are leaving them.  If we
don't all come together now, roll up our sleeves and get to work, we will
go down in history as the generation who stood by and did nothing as the
foreign and domestic enemies of our Republic marched the masses into a UN
totalitarian nightmare.

We MUST take an active role to preserve our Republic. It is our right...
it is our responsibility....  it is our duty.

May God bless our efforts to save America.  Thank you

Permission to repost/reprint the following (in  whole or in part) is
granted so long as such is accurate and proper credit is given.   95NCC33


**************************************************

Prophe-Zine News Bites

New World Order at Opryland Themepark

Recently Gaylord Entertainment and OPRYLAND THEMEPARK opened a new
attraction by the name of CHAOS CHEMICALS QUARANTINE , even though taken
straight from the Bible, is intended to be used for family entertainment.

Right now in Nashville, Tenn. thousands of people are lining up, night
after night," to take the mark,"and enter the NEW WORLD ORDER in OPRYLAND
THEMEPARK.  The crowds wait innocently in line and allow their hands to be
stamped, listening to a loud speaker, which uses a futuristic, soothing,
hypnotic, monotone female voice to endlessly proclaim.

		    "This is the voice of Chaos,
		Prepare yourself to witness the future.
	You have been sanctioned.  Check-in for purification.
                The bar code is your passport for decontamination.
              Prepare yourself to be quarantined for inventory.
                 Please step forward: take your place in the  line
                              to enter the New World Order
        If you do not wish to witness, abort now: repeat: abort now!
                         Lock; six, double=six, nine, nine,
                             please report to omega level 3<
                                Activate Cerebral Scanner.
                              Cerebral Scanning now Activated.
              Chaos Chemicals is proud to guide you into the New Era
Warning: contamination is imminent; warning: contamination is imminent.
        One must purify.  Purification is the wave of the future.
             The chamber is now sealed; decontamination in progress."

Americans what does it take to Wake You Up ?  What further proof do you
need to confirm that there is a movement under way to take total control of
our country and the lives of every person in this land.  Does it matter who
or why?  Will it really matter in the end if we are slaves without a voice
nor concern for who our master is?  How much more will it take for people
to begin to understand that they are slowly being oreintated {brain washed}
into believing that this is just a harmless progression into the future.

I personally hope that this posting will be of service to those who are
willing to stand up and be counted to spread the word to those around them,
only UNITED TOGETHER can we begin to defeat the monster that is amoung us!

	Lance R. Crowe
	Public Information Officer
	Southern Kentucky Citizens Mitilia

	For verification you may contact CONCERNED CITIZENS FOR CHRIST
	2370 COOKTOWN ROAD
	AUSTIN, KY. 42123
	1-502-427-5889
You may call 1-615-889-6600 or write to Opryland 2802 Opryland Drive
	Nashville, Tn. 37214, if you have any questions or comments.
	
From: psico1@aol.com (Psi co 1)

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Thursday November 2 2:51 PM EST

Militias May Grow as Millennium Approaches

WASHINGTON (Reuter) - Anti-government militias may grow for the rest of
this decade in anticipation of Armageddon in the year 2000, an expert on
the movement told Congress Thursday.

Brent Smith, a University of Alabama at Birmingham professor, said many
militia members share the belief that Christ will return soon after the
millennium.

``Adherents are urged to prepare for mortal combat to deal with the
comming Armageddon, the great battle where Christ will vanquish his enemies
and establish his reign on earth,'' Smith told the House Crime
Subcommittee.

``During the remainder of the decade, the movement can be expected to
continue to increase in size as fear of this possibility expands,'' he
said.

Concern about militias has grown since last April's bombing of a federal
building in Oklahoma City which killed 167 people. Defendents Timothy
McVeigh and Terry Nichols had ties to militia groups although they were not
members.

The blast came on the second anniversary of the fire at the Branch
Davidian compound near Waco, Texas which killed some 80 cult members after
the FBI used tear gas to end a 51-day siege. Right-wing groups and others
cite Waco as an example of excessive force by federal law agencies.

``America is at risk. The armed radical groups we will hear about today
are a sickness of hate, paranoia and violence,'' Rep. Charles Schumer,
D-New York, said at the hearing.

``We need to know who these people are, who their leaders are and what
their goals are,'' Rep. John Conyers, D-Michigan, said in a statement.

Schumer called for quick passage of an anti-terrorism bill sought by
President Clinton to give law enforcement greater authority to deal with
domestic and international extremist groups. It has been stalled by
concerns of conservatives and some liberals that it gives the government
too much power.

Subcommittee Chairman Bill McCollum, R-Florida, said some militia members
were a threat but others were law-abiding citizens who had different views.

Law officers from several areas of the country said they frequently had
confrontations with members of anti-government groups who often flouted the
law by refusing to pay taxes or use state license plates on their cars.

Rick Eaton of the Simon Wiesenthal Center said over 50 militias and hate
groups were using the Internet computer system, cable and satellite
television and radio to spread their messages and recruit members.

Copyright © 1995 Reuters NewMedia. All rights reserved.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

UN  Troops to patrol the 96 Olympics

In response to the question of whether UN Troops will participate in the
96 Olympics I offer the following:

I have been with the Ga. Dept of Corrections (GDC) Tactical Units for
Approximately 6 years, a veteran of 15 prison riots/disturbances in that
period. Prior to my joining this elite group I was recruited by the
Tactical Commander for the GDC because of my prior military experience
(Marines) and advised that while it was still 6 yrs away I would see
extensive duty at the Olympics and in return recieve a sizable chunk of
overtime pay, (thousands he said). He stated we would be training with  FBI
SRT/HRT and the like.  He stated that GDC Tactical teams would be the
backbone of security at Atlanta, that this was a State jurisdictional area
and the Feds would simply be there to advice and offer support. During this
time it was also reported that they where forming a MJTF unit involving us
extensively. We where going to recieve the best in training, supplies, and
,equip. ( insert loud uproarous laughter here) RRRIIIGGGHHHTTT!

Today, 09-15-95 I recieved a briefing from the GDC trainer from the GA.
Public Safety Training Center, He stated that the once Grandious scheme of
GDC mass participation had been thrown to the wind by departmental
bickering and cutthroating. Every agency now wanting a piece of the
Limelight pie. Our participation has now dwindled to next to nothing,
probably guarding gates or some menial task versus the role we have
diligently trained for for 6 years.

And finally to answer your question, are there going to be UN troops at
the Olympics.... YES!!!

It is my understanding (unofficially) that upwards of several thousand UN
troops may be present to lend their "considerable international
expertice"to this truly "international event"!!! Imagine that!!! UN troops
in Ga!!

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

RF-ID System Requires No Human Intervention For Tracking

  During the tribulation period the antichrist will be able to keep track
of all goods and services because he will be able to prevent people from
buying and selling unless they have what the Bible describes as the mark of
the beast.

  This will be no doubt a monumental task and the proper tools would have
to be available to make it work. There are many technologies being
developed today that could eventually help fulfill this prophecy. One such
technology is Radio-Frequency ID devices.

  According to US Tech (April 1995), "Locating and identifying thousands
of assets or items in minutes is now possible with a new wide area radio
frequency ID and tracking system. This system makes it possible for
transporters, the military, commercial and industrial companies to locate
and identify thousands of assets (items) in transit or stored over a wide
area--automatically and simultaneously--in minutes.

  "The system represents such a significant breakthrough in tracking that
Savi Technology has received a $70 million contract for the
"SaviTag"--reportedly the largest contract ever received in the radio
frequency identification (RFID) industry--from the US Department of
Defense.

  "This technology development is what the company describes as the
world's first wide area radio frequency identification and tracking system.
It is comprised of radio tags, handheld or fixed omnidirectional
transmitter/receivers, call SaviTags, and a central computer...The Savi
system provides the only method available today that does not require human
intervention to find and identify assets.

  "The US Army is using the system for its 'Global In-Transit Visibility'
program. To locate assets anywhere in the transportation pipeline, Savi
Interrogators are tied into  the Army's satellite system.

  "Other types of automatic identification, such as bar-code, cannot be
used to locate an asset. A manned search is first required to find the item
in order to identify it."


++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

ID Chips

The use of ID inside a living body is possibly going to be pulled off
using one of two, (Or both), reasons:  Missing children and Socialized
medicine.  Americans are left with no choice but to spot the obvious "track
you down" aspect.

How right Americans are.  Americans are so right on target the obvious is
in front of their faces.  It is to make sure that really is you because
impacting American on a mind blowing level are spy replacements.  Those spy
rings now pick the general population rather than a Senator.  They pick
individuals who are EASY to "clone."  A loner.  A person who has moved away
from home and there are interesting family connections.  A small tight
family that avoids the general population...then "clone-you" enters the
military etc.,  I went into the AOL MCO chatroom.  I was told by officers
in it that the military is finding a rather intimidating number of these
"clones."

The Government does not want to break the news to the American general
population that it is trying to save your life and the reason is bone
chilling.

The US Department of Justice wrote me that it is appropriate for civilians
to turn in spy rings to the FBI.

From: harold3248@aol.com (Harold3248)

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

HR1710 the Anti-Terrorist Bill

I urge you to look into HR1710. This is the Anti-terrorist bill that the
current administration wants passee SO BADLY. If this is passed, I foresee
this law being used against Christians or any other Dissidents who oppose
the government. This is just a small section defining Terrorism. The
problems that I find questionable is Section (A), (B), (C). The wording of
this entire bill is very questionable, and can be used to turn against the
American people to the point that it  issues in a Dictatorship / Tyrannical
form of government.

Just another little tidbit for all you Republicans who support Bob Dole.
He is the Author of this bill for the senate side. So I wonder what type of
President he could be if he thinks this way regarding the American Public.

                                  H.R.1710

Comprehensive Antiterrorism Act of 1995 (Introduced in the House)

SEC. 315. DEFINITION OF TERRORISM.

     Section 2331 of title 18, United States Code, is amended--

          (1) so that paragraph (1) reads as follows:

          `(1) the term `terrorism' means the use of force or violence in
          violation of the criminal laws of the United States or of any
          State, or that would be in violation of the criminal laws of the
          United States or of any State if committed within the jurisdiction
          of the United States or that State that appears to be intended to
          achieve political or social ends by--

               `(A) intimidating or coercing a segment of the population;

               `(B) influencing or coercing a government official or
               officials; or

               `(C) affecting the conduct of a government through
               assassination or kidnapping;';

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

EUTHANASIA LAW PROPOSED FOR PHILIPPINES  10/31/95

In Manila a Filipino congressman  said he has proposed a euthanasia law to
allow people in this country (Philippines) the right to die.

Congressman Edgar Avila said he filed the law on the eve of All Saints'
Day (Halloween...a highholiday for pagans), when millions of Filipinos go
to the cemeteries to pay their respects to their loved ones.

Congressman Avila said ''(This will consider the cases) of the
unconscious, incapacitated and the insane whose right to live or die must
be resolved,'' he told reporters.

He said ''helpless, hopeless'' patients who have no chance of recovering
should be allowed to exercise their right to die in peace and dignity.

This is the same of kind thing that the Germans were saying in the 1930's.
This is the kind of thinking that later lead to the killing of millions of
handicap, mentally retarded people along with all the Christians and Jews
that were also put to death.

The measure is likely to draw strong opposition from the powerful Catholic
Church, which has already clashed with Manila over its population program
and its promotion of condoms to combat the spread of the virus which causes
AIDS.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

E-Money is Online

AMSTERDAM, Netherlands (AP) - Money takes on a new meaning today  as the
Internet gets its first electronic cash.

The new digital currency will be offered by Mark Twain Bancshares Inc., a
regional bankholding company based in St.Louis, Mo., using technology
developed by the Amsterdam-based company Digicash.

David Chaum, a mathematician who founded Digicash, is a highly regarded
expert on protecting privacy in the information age.

The system is geared toward small purchases and extending the ability of
small companies to reach a global audience.

Despite the Internet's explosive growth, less than $200 million in
business was done on the global web last year - and that was just
processing credit or debit card transactions.

While those transactions involve little more than putting cardholders'
numbers in encoded software envelopes to protect them from theft, the
Digicash software actually creates a new form of currency.

The U.S. government has so far made no policy statement on digital
currency. But no one has told Mark Twain Bancshares it can't go ahead with
the project.

During an 11-month Internet trial run using play money, the "e-cash"
system attracted more than 30,000 users and 70 merchants, Chaum said.

To use "e-cash," both merchant and buyer must have accounts with Mark
Twain Bancshares and pay a fee for "e-cash" privileges. The bank has a
"mint" that creates "coins" - specially encoded symbol strings - based on
the actual deposit.

To buy something with "e-cash," depositors download the "coins" to their
computer hard drives and transmit them to the seller.

Because Chaum's system involves using software, there are concerns it
could be compromised. Hackers are certain to mount attacks.

If someone figured out the secret key that makes the money, they could
produce counterfeit "e-cash."

The company hopes one day to use "e-cash" in concert with other banks.

Source: Associated Press -- October 23, 1995
Submitted by: Wes Peters   wes@ionet.com

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Subject: National ID card intrusive

STUDY RELEASE

September 7, 1995

National ID card ineffective and intrusive, study says Congressional
Republican proposals to create a national computerized registry and an ID
card for all American workers would establish "a dangerous, invasive, and
unworkable new expansion of federal police-state powers," according to a
new Cato Institute study.

In "A National ID System: Big Brother's Solution to Illegal Immigration"
(Policy Analysis no. 237), John J. Miller and Stephen Moore say Sen. Alan
Simpson (R-Wyo.) and Rep. Lamar Smith (R-Tex.) are taking the "critical
first step" toward implementing a potentially invasive national worker
authorization system.  Moore is director of fiscal policy studies at the
Cato Institute, and Miller is vice president of the Center for Equal
Opportunity.

An Orwellian system

The authors say that Smith and Simpson want to require an ID card and
computerized worker registry for the 150 million Americans and legal
immigrants in the U.S. labor force.  Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) wants
that national ID card to include such information as a photograph,
fingerprint, and retina scan.

The study says such a system would, in effect, "require employers to
submit all of their hiring decisions for approval to a federal bureaucrat."
The authors call the proposed registry and national ID card "Big Brother's
solution to illegal immigration."  They say the national ID card would
constitute a massive invasion of privacy and violation of basic civil
liberties; cost the government $3 billion to $6 billion to implement;
subject workers to the effects of potentially huge error rates, with
perhaps millions of legal aliens denied jobs because of faulty government
databases (even a 2 percent error rate would lead to 1.3 million Americans
being wrongfully denied jobs); increase discrimination against Latin and
Asian Americans; and, ultimately, fail to affect illegal immigration.

Moore and Miller say that, once established, the computer registry could
be easily expanded and applied to other areas, vastly increasing the size
and scope of government. Some of the potential uses of the system include
implementing a Clinton-style health care plan and security card; ensuring
employer compliance with affirmative action requirements;  tracking child
support payments; verifying that parents are getting their children
vaccinated; and conducting background checks on would-be gun purchasers,
among others.

Better approaches available

After spending a year defeating the Clinton administration's health
security card, Moore and Miller say, the new GOP Congress now wants every
American to carry a "work authorization card" that would create similar
potential for intrusion and abuse.

The authors claim there are ways to address the problem of illegal
immigration that would expand, rather than curtail, Americans' basic
freedoms.  We could, for example,
expand legal immigration quotas,  eliminate employer sanctions law,
establish greater economic integration between the United States and
Mexico,  restrict welfare eligibility of legal and illegal immigrants,
facilitate the deportation of criminal aliens, tighten visa control, and
improve border enforcement.

Why it matters

It is an iron rule of politics that whenever there is a perceived "crisis"
in Washington, Congress responds by passing bad laws that expand the powers
of government.  Moore and Miller say the immigration issue is fertile
ground for such laws. The implications of a national ID system would range
far beyond today's debate over illegal immigration. The study says the
proposed worker registry system has no redeeming feature. It will not
curtail illegal immigration, and it will create opportunities for abuse. At
a time when Americans are loudly demanding more freedom and smaller
government, Moore and Miller say a computer registry is a giant step in the
wrong direction.

 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

New Age Update
By Rudy Hulstrom


What Is The New World Order?

We hear the term all the time these days and yet many people don't
understand what it is.

The New World Order wants to have a one world leader,with a one world
religion and a one world economic system. A world government which will
have total control of all people on the planet.

There are many things that have to be done in order for this to happen.
The thinking patterns of the world population need to be changed. There can
be no national sovereignty,no independent thoughts,absolutely no
Judeo-Christian beliefs. This would interfere with the occult religion that
the NWO is based on.

Everyone has to work for the good of the global community. Nothing will be
owned personally,we will have to share with all others.

There are many ways the NWO is preparing the people for this change,such
as doing away with all moral absolutes. People who hold to these beliefs
are made to look like insensitive,mean spirited,intolerant and unloving.
You can see this in the media and at all levels of public school,including
college.

The media is also used to spread the religion of the NWO.Children's
programming in particular with "cartoons"like the Smurfs,Captain
Planet,Power Rangers and Disney's Pocohantes reveal all the aspects of the
occult religion of the NWO!

They are trying to do away with the traditional family. At the recent
Women's meeting in China, the word gender was broken into five definitions.
One for Male,one for Female,one for Homosexual,one for Lesbian and one for
Bi-Sexuals.This was done to insure that all so-called "families"would
achieve a world wide acceptance.  We can't force our morality down their
throats,but they can force their "beliefs" on us through the use of the
U.N. Hmmmmm.

Parents are loosing their rights to discipline their own children. I said
"discipline"not abuse.

Eventually they want the children to belong to the state so that they they
are not contaminated by their parents. Dr. Chester Pierce,while giving a
lecture to 2000 school teachers in Denver,CO.,said that children"were
mentally ill"when they entered school. Why?,because they were taught such
things as patriotism,nationalism ,sovereignty and right from wrong.  It's
time to WAKE UP AMERICA!!
	
==========================

Ministry Attacks Censorship Charges

Focus on the Family,a nonprofit Christian ministry,accused the American
Library Association of calling some parents censors when they are simply
concerned with what their children are reading.

The ministries report comes one week before the ALA"s Banned Books
Week,which promotes free expression. The Library group has noted 47
incidents in which books were taken from school libraries by the decisions
of school boards, superintendents, teachers, or school librarians after
requests from parents.

That,according to the report issued by Focus on the Family,does not imply
censorship.Instead the actions constitute"involvement of parents in their
children's education and the selection of age-appropriate material",the
Christian group said.

Judith Krug,director of the library groups Office for Intellectual
Freedom,responded that the criticism was foolish.She said complaints of
just one or two parents-as was the case in many instances-shouldn't be
enough to take a book from the shelves.
	
============================
A Blatant Attack on the The Rights of Parents

So it is foolish  to criticize the content of reading material that is
offered to our children.

It is foolish when parents involve themselves in the education of their
children.And it is foolish for one or two parents to take a stand against
what they believe is harmful to their children. This is what the American
Library Association says.This is the attitude that will prevail more and
more as we slide down the slippery slope into the abyss of World
Government.

Slowly but surely,step by cruel step their plan to remove the power and
authority of the parents is spreading and taking hold. Those of us who are
parents and grandparents, who have influence over our families, watch in
unbelief,as the rest of the world falls right into place in the parade to
their own destruction.

Thank the Lord that there are those who will stand and fight for their
families.

As Hezekiah says in  2 Chronicles 32:7-8
7  Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor dismayed for the king of
Assyria, nor for all the multitude that is with him: for there be more with
us than with him:
8  With him is an arm of flesh; but with us is the LORD our God to help
us, and to fight our battles. And the people rested themselves upon the
words of Hezekiah king of Judah.

===========================

Panel Clears  Controversial Data Registry
9/22/95 Chicago tribune

Washington D.C.

The House Judiciary Committee approved a plan to establish annotation
registry of names,Social Security numbers and immigration data ON ALL
CITIZENS AND LEGAL ALIENS and to require employers to use it to verify the
legal status of job applicants.

The 17-15 vote,which crossed party lines,came after a debate that pitted
public anger over illegal immigration against concerns about privacy.

Seven Republicans voted to delete the verification system from a bill to
revamp the nation's immigration policy while four Democrats,including some
of its staunchest liberals,voted in favor of the proposal.

Under the measure,the attorney general would have four years to set up a
national system to verify the legal status of ANY POTENTIAL EMPLOYEE.

Proponents say it is the only way to put teeth into a 1986 law that
provides sanctions on businesses that knowingly hire illegal immigrants.

============================

MARK OF THE BEAST?

They just don't give up do they? The Health Care Plan didn't work,so now
through the magic of crisis management,they will use the fear of illegal
immigration to force the use of personal, national identification.

Remember that it is control that they are after.

Think about this:what if you,as a hard working,law abiding,tax paying
citizen were suddenly and mistakenly thought to be an illegal immigrant?
Your life as you know it would be turned upside down,and you would have to
prove your legitimacy as a citizen. One more thing,this system could be
used against those who whose religious beliefs don't conform to the world
system.

As it says in Revelation 13 : 16  And he causeth all, both small and
great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand,
or in their foreheads:
17  And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the
name of the beast, or the number of his name.

This could be interpreted as a form of national identification,don't you
think?
==================================

Thirsty Idol??

Chicago tribune--A picture appeared in this newspaper of a Hindu woman
offering milk to an idol of the elephant-headed god Ganesha in New Delhi.
Millions of devotees rushed to temples across the country to make the
offering after reports that the idols were drinking milk. This god Ganesha
or Ganesa is supposedly a god of wisdom and art,a benign deity generally
assumed to offer help when invoked to overcome difficulties. This is just
one of hundreds of Hindu gods.

Hindu Polytheism

The polytheism (worship of many gods) in Hindu belief is found to be
increasing here in the United States. The amount of newspaper articles
devoted to this is evidence of the rise of this belief system here.

I have done a little research and found that for every one article on
"Christianity",there are five that promote  other "religions" or belief
systems. It is no wonder then that the foundation of Christian belief that
this country was built upon is cracking and caving in all around us.

But that question was asked long ago by King David,as we see in (Psalms
11:3)  "If the foundations be destroyed, what can the righteous do?"

The Psalm's message is as follows . Faced with the temptation to flee at a
time when lawful authority was being destroyed,the psalmist held fast to
his faith in the Lord,who will ultimately destroy the wicked whom He hates
and deliver the righteous whom He loves.

What can the righteous do?

 These foundations refer to the Law and the order of society based on the
Lord's rule.The temptation from the fainthearted, then, was based on a fear
that the nation might crumble. Their view was experiential and inward,
David's view was higher.

David responded that the righteous can trust in the real Source of secure
government.

As we see the spread of the New Age-New World Order,and as we see it take
its place on the global stage, we can be sure that God is still in control,
that His Word is still unchanged, even though there are those who would
dare to try to change it.

==========================

Use of Cash Cards to be Investigated	

International authorities called for tight checks on new rechargeable cash
cards,which they said could allow drug barons and other criminals to
launder profits via the Internet.

The computer chip cards,which make it possible to order goods and services
from personal computers,also could allow money transactions and bypass the
banking system.

"It's a way of moving vast sums of money with no record of the
transaction,"warned Ronald Noble,a U.S.Treasury official leading the
Financial Action Task Force,which groups 26 wealthy nations. Noble says the
makers of the cash cards are cooperating with authorities to make
transactions more transparent.

=============================

HERE GOES MORE OF YOUR PRIVACY

In their never ending attack on the honest, law-abiding citizen, here is
another way to keep an eye on you and the criminal at the same time. You
and I,as honest law-abiding citizens must now suffer the investigation of
our financial transactions due to the illegal use of the personal computer.


Using your cash cards will now be subject to investigation by the Treasury
Dept. Keep in mind the last sentence that states that your transactions
will be made MORE TRANSPARENT.

This violates the constitutional right to privacy,but under the New World
Order there will be no privacy to violate.This is just another reason for
trashing the Constitution for the United States of America. The only
document that stands between our freedom and the totalitarian world
government that is now being formed. With this in mind keep on the lookout
for "constitutional conventions"that would"modify,or alter,or override,or
supersede the power of the Constitution. Such as United Nations Treaties
which do supersede this document.

===============================

  Needle Exchange??

Allowing drug addicts to trade dirty needles for sterile ones can reduce
the spread of AIDS without encouraging the use of illegal drugs, according
to a National research Council report.

The study said needle exchange programs provide such a powerful benefit
for public health that restrictions on federal funding should be removed,
laws controlling availability of syringes should be withdrawn and more
communities should be allowed to participate.

Congress in 1988 prohibited federal funds for needle exchange programs but
allowed the policy to be reversed if the surgeon general finds them
effective. The council's study recommended that the department of Health
and Human Services clear the way for federal funding.

=========================	

  No War On Drugs

It is obvious by this report that our government has no intention of
combatting the illegal flow of drugs into and out of the United States.
Under the New World Order it seems that the use of drugs is not only
condoned, but encouraged.

It is the same destructive reasoning that says give the children condoms,
because they are going to have sex anyway.

By the way,aren't these the same people that cry for more "education" to
decrease the use of illegal drugs, sex and mindless violence?

I've got an idea,why not give each violent criminal the proper tool for
his "trade"? And make sure he/she is educated in the proper use of that
tool.

The reasoning is simple enough. If the use of "clean needles" reduces the
spread of AIDS, then the proper use of tools of destruction should reduce
the amount of deaths by those tools.

So let's give the drive by shooters guns fit for the job and the proper
training in the use of those guns. After all,they are going to do it
anyway.  ( editor )

===========================

Has Channeling Influenced the Church??

Spiritism has, unfortunately influenced the church. many professing
Christians fail to see anything wrong or unchristian about channeling. For
example, Larva Cameron fraser, the first woman Episcopal priest of the
Pacific Northwest, chose to resign as rector of her church rather than
renounce her faith in a channeled spirit named "Jonah".

To cite one of many illustrations of such influence in the church, a
number of spiritistically-produced books have ignorantly been accepted by
some Christians because they sound spiritual or claim to be inspired by God
or Jesus. These include the devotional text "God Calling" (Revell
publishers) which has been on the best seller list for many years. Others
are surprised to discover that Jonathan Livingstone Seagull was also on the
best seller list, in spite of the fact that it was inspired by supernatural
sources. Another one is the three volume "A Course in Miracles". Both God
Calling and A Course in Miracles claim to be written by God or Jesus, which
is impossible because they deny the Biblical Jesus and contradict the
Bible.

The most obvious reason for the acceptance of such material is the fact
that Biblical ignorance and worldliness are common among Christians. The
church is failing to educate her people properly in these areas.

There are many books on the shelves that claim to be "Christian" that are
not! We must become like the one who detects counterfeit money. Only by the
study of the real thing ( the Bible ) can we tell the counterfeit.

===============================

New Age Split Over New Oxford "PC" Bible

This article came to New Age Update through the wonders of the Internet.
It shows the attitude of New Age believers to this new "Bible" and
Christians in general,or what they call "Fundies" (fundamentalists) .


Greetings Chuck,

 Cautiously, I comment on the Oxford Revised Bible.

To the world in general, this revision is an attempt to acknowledge the
growing societal changes that require a more tolerant view toward all
beings, regardless of race, sex, sexual preference, creed, etc.. and for
the effort to acknowledge the need for a change of attitude, some good can
be said. It would be a milestone accomplishment, if it were done with
purely those intentions... but, it has not been.

This work, considered blasphemous and abhorrent by many die-hard fundies,
causes only more rifts and divisions, and give another reason for an extra
concerted effort by these fundies to wage war against New Age advocates,
citing their part in the influences leading to these changes. New Age
adherents should brace for the backlash.

Co-incidentally, this same work does great damage to the portions of the
Bible that even New Age advocates should consider valuable, the parts that
describe the esoteric and metaphysical concepts of spirituality that are
woven deep within the symbolic images and teachings... the stuff that even
the normal Christians have never figured out because they take the stuff
too literally. This is an unfortunate dilution and corruption of the
powerful teachings hidden in the symbolic and allegorical meanings of the
text, and therefore, generations to come will be even further lost trying
to decipher these meanings.

For this very reason, I believe that the leadership promoting the Oxford
Revised Bible have a hidden agenda... that of attempting to look attractive
to New Age wannabe's while adding further confusion to the actual teachings
of the Bible as a means to continue their power base, ensuring followers
for generations to come. If the esoteric meanings are lost among today's
scholars and literalists; tomorrow's students will be even more
clueless.... and ~Churches~ of all types will capitalize on the need to
render interpretative explanations of this garbled text.

I am truly amazed at the depth of the strategy behind this ORB revision...
it alienates both the fundies and the New Age advocates in one fell swoop,
with a built in guarantee of no chance that those two opposite factions
would ever join forces to counter the revision.

Perhaps it also "alienates" (why is it necessary to use such
psychobabble?) ordinary thinking people who expect a translation to be a
faithful attempt to render what the original document says.  It is one
thing to offer a modern rendering for modern readers. It is another to add
and subtract based, not on what is there but on one's own agenda (as you
indicate).

But whether it alienates anyone or not, the main thing is that it is
dishonest, no matter who it attracts or alienates.  Even if it successfully
attracted both New Agers and Fundamentalists that would be no justification
for arbitrarily translating it to suit your program.  It would be just as
bad if fundamentalists would reword the passages to eliminate the more
uncomfortable parts and make their message more attractive.  But the
deconstructionists, who believe that nothing anyone ever said or wrote can
be treated objectively, believe that this gives them license to twist it to
say anything that suits their purposes.

===================================

Who's in Charge of this Country ... and Who's Accountable?

While fighting the Conference of States  brought to us by theCouncil of
State Government,  how will the new Federalism Summit (COS) address the
issues of who's in charge of the US ... or are they just a party to the
plans being drawn up by the Gorbachev Foundation and a one world global
organization?

The State of the World Forum was held September 27th to October 1, and
consisted of 500 participants of senior states people, current political
leaders,scientists, business leaders, spiritual leaders at the Presidio in
San Francisco alludes to the fact that Gorbachev, Bush,  Ted Turner, Alan
Cranston, Zbigniew Brzezinski, Robert Muller, Carl Sagan, George Schultz,Al
Gore, John Naisbitt and an endless list of governments and government
officials are all party to changing our country, laws,and society as we
know them.

The plans are so in depth.  How do the two inter-twine?

There are no nations according to reports ... Brzezinski noted, "In brief
the precondition for eventual and genuine globalization is progressive
regionalization because by that we move toward larger, more stable, more
cooperative units."  Brzezinski stated, "Finally, I have no illusions about
world government emerging in our lifetime."

According to Gorbachev,
	 "We need the UN, governmental organizations, non-government
organizations (non-profit/non-accountable) and regional organizations.
Selfish interests and nationalism are two of the biggest impediments to
their vision for a 'new era".

One of their themes out of countless listings is :Towards an Earth Charter
in the 21st Century,  Should there be a bill of rights for the earth
similar to the UN Declaration of Human Rights?  The framework of a new
Earth Charter would provide a moral and legal basis to evolve a new
relationship between people and their planet.  The question is how such a
Charter is to be implemented and with what kind of sanctions for global
violations; would this require a global ombudsman or a global court which
can give final verdicts on violations of the Earth Charter; and the time
frame within which such a Charter should be evolved and gradually
introduced.

Is the power behind the COS or Federalism Summit to blend our nations
sovereignty into the regionalism as outlined at the Gorbachev World Forum.

 Each and every one of our elected representatives have to be asked what
plans do they have for our states, what plans do they have to ensure that
we remain a sovereign state or nation.  We don't need elected followers to
take us into the no-nation state, but leaders in this country who ensure
our freedom and rights.  Just who's in charge? It's time we really found
out!

This article came to New Age Update through the courtesy of Ray Gano, the
editor of Prophe-Zine. A monthly publication that can be found on America
Online in the Christian Forum. You can also e-mail Ray at:   Raymond
673@AOL.COM or ray673@best.com

I  highly  reccomend  that you read  Prophe-Zine along  with  New Age
Update  to gain a fuller understanding  of the  world  situation. I have
talked with Ray recently and found him to be on fire for the Lord and
highly knowledgeable in the area of Bible prophecy and current events.

If you don't have access to a computer and would like a sample of
Prophe-Zine, simply send your name and address plus a stamp to me and I'll
send one out to you.

Rudy Hulstrom
1504 Cardinal
Melrose Pk.IL.60160

================================

PREPARING FOR THE NEW WORLD ORDER?
               READ NEW AGE NEWS UPDATE!

New Age Update is a monthly paper,edited and published by Rudy Hulstrom
1504 Cardinal. Melrose Pk.IL.60160

Subscription rates are $8.00 per year for 12 issues, FREE REPORTS and
SPECIAL OFFERS all year long.

Please make all checks or money orders payable to Rudy Hulstrom

The New World Order is more like rearranging the deck chairs on the
Titanic We can't force our morality down their throats, but they can force
their "beliefs"on us through the use of the U.N. Your Rights as Parents are
Under Attack!

Parental involvement called"foolish"by Judith Krug,director of the
American Library Association.

IS IT TIME TO RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION?

Don't forget to check  your mailing label!  If it reads 11/95 then your
subscription to New Age Update has run out.

Remember that when you renew your subscription as a bonus you may take
your pick of any (1) one of the reports listed on this months  flyer FREE.

Why not take the time right now and send in your subscription renewal.

New Age Update is also an economical gift for that special friend who may
or may not know the Lord Jesus as his Savior.

With each gift subscription at the regular $8.00 rate you may take your
pick of any three (3 ) reports listed on this months flyer FREE....just
write GIFT SUBSCRIPTION on the order form and the 3 reports are yours as
our way of saying thank you for your support......



Cool Web Sites on the Internet

hhtp://twibp.com/~jvim
Jack Van Impy Ministries

hhtp://twibp.com/~twibp
http://www.niagara.com:80/~twibp/
This Week In Bible Prophecy

http://ionet.net/~wes
Wes Peters web site..COOL prophecy stuff

http://www.infi.net/~stegner
Prophecy & World events web

http://www.jews-for-jesus.org
Jews for jesus

http://www.einet.net/galaxy/Arts-and-Humanities/Religion.html  Christian
web site

http://www.infi.net/cc
christian coalalition

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/PKdates.html
PromiseKeepers 1995 Meeting Dates

http://www.sky.net/~rmk/sevenpromises.html
Seven Promises of a Promise Keeper

http://www.visa.co.
Visa Credit Card (One World One Currency)

http://akebono.stanford.edu/yahoo
yahoo Directory

 Cool Resources

CHRISTIAN BOOK DISTRIBUTORS
P.O. Box 6000
Peabody MA. 01961-6000
Customer Service: (508) 977-4550
Membership and monthly catalog subscription; $3 per year

CHRISTIAN COMMUNICATIONS
Prison & Ministry Outreach - Online Bible Studies
Jeannine Robinson
P.O. Box 45094, 81 Lakeshore Road East
Mississauga, Ontario, Canada L5G4S7
Phone/Fax (905) 271-7371
BBS (905) 271-3617

CHRISTIAN DISTRIBUTION NETWORK
(Electronic bulletin board systems)
Ray Waldo, Project Manager
Route 1, Box 175W
Loranger, LA  70446-9720
Voice: (504) 878-2956
BBS (504) 878-3023
FIDONET 1:394/1
CDN Headquarters 8:200/0

The CHRISTIAN GENERAL STORE
(Quality Christian Materials on Issues Related to HIV/AIDS)
2130 Fourth Street
San Rafael, CA 94901
(415) 457-9489

CHRISTIAN LAW ASSOCIATION
(Publishers of "The Briefcase")
Subscription: P.O. Box 30 Conneaut, Ohio 44030-0030
Publisher Office: (216) 593-3933
Gibbs & Craze Law Firm (216) 599-8900

CHRISTIAN MACINTOSH USERS GROUP
2190 Bristolwood Lane
San Jose, CA
95132-1208
408/945-5773 - voice
408/946-4946 - FAX
INTERNET: rickt5@aol.com

CHRISTIAN TAPES FOR THE DISABLED
(Write for catalog of cassettes and information)
Box 455 - Buffalo, NY 14209
(716) 885-0307

CORNERSTONE COMMUNICATIONS INTERNATIONAL
(Helping Christian writers get published since 1984)
1117 Marquette Avenue, Suite 2303
Minneapolis, MN 55403
Fax (612) 673-0866
Internet Email: calliesmom@aol.com

GREAT CHRISTIAN BOOKS
229 S. Bridge St.
PO BOX 8000
Elkton MD 21922-8000
($5 membership fee)

INSTITUTE FOR RELIGIOUS RESEARCH
1340 Monroe Ave, NW
Grand Rapids Michigan 49505
Phone: (616) 451-4562
Fax: (616) 451-8907

INTERNATIONAL BIBLE SOCIETY
PO BOX 35700
Colorado Springs CO 80935-3570
(719) 488-9200
(800) 524-1588
Fax: (719) 488-0870

MESSIANIC RECORDS INC./LAMB
(A Concert Ministry)
7605 Brookhaven Road
Philadelphia, PA 19151
(215) 477-1050
Fax (215) 477-1087

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR RELEASE TIME CHRISTIAN EDUCATION
P.O. Box K
Ellijay, GA 30540
(404) 276-7900

ON LINE BIBLE COLLEGE
Servant of the Lord BBS: 804-590-2161
Whole Cousel Ministries
Mataoca, Virginia
Sysop: Dr. Charles A. Wootten
INTERNET: listener1@aol.com or 76476.1556@cis
Fax: (804) 590-1659

WYCLIFFE BIBLE TRANSLATORS
P.O. Box 2727
Huntington Beach, CA 92647
phone: (714) 969-4600
FAX: (714) 969-4661

ZONDERVAN PUBLISHING HOUSE
-NRSV Concordance
-NIV Atlas of the Bible
1-800-727-3480

Other Pubs Too....

The CHRISTIAN WORLD REPORT
(Prophecy and current events newspaper from Peter LaLonde)
($29.95 annual, 11 issues per year)
US: P.O. Box 1440, Niagara Falls, NY 14302
Canada: P.O Box 5091, Burlington, Ontario L7R 4M2

DECISION MAGAZINE
($7 annually, 11 issues per year)
Billy Graham Evangelistic Association
P.O. Box 779
Minneapolis, Minnesota
55440-0779

FOCUS ON THE FAMILY MAGAZINE
P.O. Box 35500
Colorado Springs, Co
80935-3550
(free upon request)



HIGHWAY
A magazine for Truck Drivers
Transport For Christ - Highway
P.O. Box 303
Denver, PA
17517

IN OTHER WORDS
Newspaper of Wycliffe Bible Translators
PO BOX 2727
Huntington Beach, CA 92647

NEW AGE UPDATE
Subscription rates are $8.00 per year for 12 issues, FREE REPORTS and
SPECIAL OFFERS all year long.

Please make all checks or money orders payable to Rudy Hulstrom.
Rudy Hulstrom
1504 Cardinal.
Melrose Pk.IL.60160

PARTNERS PRAYER GUIDE (Partner Ministries)
1470 N. 4th St. PO BOX 15025
San Jose CA. 95115-0025
(free guide to praying for different nations)

PRISON EVANGELISM MAGAZINE
International Prison Ministry
P.O. Box 63
Dallas, TX  75221

THE TEACHING HOME
(A Christian magazine for home educators)
P.O. Box 20219
Portland, Oregon 97220-0219
Phone: (503) 253-9633
Fax: (503) 253-7345

TESTIMONY NEWSLETTER
Dennis R. Mallory, Publisher
P. O. Box 14974
Albany, NY 12212-4974

TODAY IN THE WORD (Moody Bible Institute)
820 North La Salle Drive
Chicago Il. 60610
(free 3-month trial subscription)

TRACKS IN THE SAND
Uncovering Christian Men's Issues
P.O. Box 1828
Tustin, CA
92680
INTERNET: mark.perew@ofa123.fidonet.org

WORLD CHALLENGE (David Wilkerson letter)
(free newsletter, 17 issues per year)
P.O. Box 260 Lindale, Texas 75771
(903)-963-8626




	







58





