
PropheZine #34
15 January 1997

Ray Gano  ....................................... WelcomeTo PropheZine #34
Lori Eldridge...........TORAH CODES 101, Part 2
Barbara DiGilio.....Shemology, A Teaching Tool of Mayim Hayim Ministry
Ray Gano..Book Review, The Eternal Generation by John Kinsella
Joel Bainerman.....The Jewish Stake In The: "New World Order"
Especially For New Christians (2) ....One More Time: 'Who Am I?'
Poem by Lori Fiechter......Return, Emmanuel!

PropheZine News Bytes

Lee UnderwoodŠŠŠŠŠŠŠFYI - Israel Updates
Christian Persecution in China
Arutz Sheva News Service.......Mark of the Beast in Israel?
Bio-Chip UIpdate Ken Bright........You Will Believe It
SNS News Service.....Jerusalem Not For Sale
International Bible Society .....Arabic Scriptures go on-line
W.B. Howard......News from Aussie / Despatch Magazine
Leiah and Jason Elbaum......IRIS Update
Compass Direct...Egyptian Authorities Continue To Harass Released Convert
Compass Direct...Soldiers Destroy Christian Farm And Care Center Near Cairo

Ray Gano.......Final Word


******************************************************
Welcome To Issue #34

Hello All,

So how is everyone's new year so far? I have to tell you that I am really
excited to be serving the Lord in this time. It is a blast to see
everything going on around us and how almost 98% of it relates to Bible
Prophecy!  Just this morning (PAS Time) I got the news that Israel and the
PLO have finally signed a agreement regarding Hebron. Some other things
going on is our TOTALLY weird winter here in the US. The states have been
getting major snow or floods and Europe is hitting record cold also. There
is also a rise in earthquakes again, one in Mexico and another in the
Middle East. Both over 5.5 which I consider "Killer Quakes"

whew.........hard to keep up with it all.

In this issue of PropheZine we are going to be dealing mainly with the
Torah Code and other items the show the "signature of God." This is being
brought to you by Lori Eldridge and Barbara DiGilio. I am also proud to
feature another VERY fine poem by Lori Fiechter.

I want to also direct your attention to a AUSOME book that I am reviewing
in this issue. It is by a gentleman and a friend of mine, John Kinsella.
John Kinsella is the former Research Coordinator for the television program
"This Week In Bible Prophecy" with Peter Laldonde. He is presently senior
editor of Hal Lindsey's new TV program, "World Intelligence Briefing" as
well as contributing editor to "Countdown" Magazine and editor of Hal
Lindsey's "World Intelligence Briefing" newsletter. For information about
subscribing to any of Hal Lindsey's publications, call 1-800-TITUS-35. 

Hey ...inside info...look for some of Hal Lindsey's articles to appear in
future PropheZine issues. (THANK YOU JOHN)

Well that is pretty much....WAIT...COOL NEWS!! The PropheZine www site was
reviewed in a major Japanese newspaper on Jan 7 1997. The reporter liked
PZ. So I have included the review for you to real also in the PZ newsbytes
area.

Now that is all. I hope you enjoy the latest issue of PZ and ..AND

IF YOU ARE GOING TO FLORIDA, PLEASE WRITE ME!!!!  My email program died and
I want to know who is all going to be there. I am going to be arriving in
Florida on Jan 30 and I will be there till Feb 5th. ( I need people to buy
me food...hint...hint...grin) So please write to me again. I want to get a
list of people so I can contact you and meet you. I want to really hear
what you think of PZ in person. ALSO, I am going to be taking pictures
while I am there, SO if you want your mug on the PZ www site, ya gotta meet
me. So see you in Florida!!! I am SO excited!!!!

So till we meet here on this earth or in the clouds with our Lord...

Always in the service of Yeshua,

Ray Gano
Sr. Editor
PropheZine

******************************************************

TORAH CODES 101, part 2
by Lori Eldridge

ARE THE CODES OF GOD?

When I first heard about the codes I became very excited because I believed
it would prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that Moses, inspired by God, was
the only author of the Pentateuch and thus pop the documentary hypothesis
bubble that scholars had dreamed up over the recent centuries of
"enlightenment."

For instance there is a series of codes found by Rabbi Michael Dov
Weissmandl that spell out what I call "Torah in the Torah" that run through
all 5 books of Moses where Torah (TORH) is spelled forwards starting in the
first verse of both Genesis and Exodus and spelled backwards (HROT) in the
first verse of Numbers and the fifth verse of  Deuteronomy (1), with an ELS
of 50 (2) except for Deuteronomy which has 49 (3) with the word for God
(YHWH) at an ELS of 8, the number of perfection, spelled out in the first
verse of Leviticus. In other words, the words "Torah" are facing the word
for "God" in the Torah.

As Grant Jeffrey has stated in his new book _Signature of God_, "Scientists
who have studied these results state no human could create such a Hebrew
document containing hundreds of encoded, significant words hidden within
this text. They concluded that it would be impossible to reproduce this
phenomenon in a Hebrew text even if they had the help of a group of
brilliant language geniuses, or the assistance of the world's most
sophisticated super-computers. In addition, it is impossible to account for
the prophetic knowledge of future personalities and events found in these
codes. The inescapable, logical conclusion is that God inspired Moses to
record the precise Hebrew words in the words of the Torah." (4)

WHICH TEXT TO USE?

It is most important that you use the proper Hebrew text to search for
codes, either manually in a Hebrew Bible, or via a computer code program.
The electronic text that was used to perform the experiments on the paper
entitled "Equidistant Letter Sequences in the Book of Genesis," published
in the very prestigious  _Statistical Science Journal_ (5), was the Textus
Receptus based on the Koren (Ashkenazi Masoretic) text. Researchers have
found that the Koren (Ashkenazi Masoretic) text is essentially error free
whereas the BHS (Leningrad codex) differs by 130 letters (6). Therefore,
most code programs in use today are based on the Masoretic (Koren) text.

To illustrate the problem between the two texts the word
Mashiach/Messiah/Christ was found with the BHS text in Deut. 32:24 starting
on Char # 19  with a skip of 75. However, while verifying this code in my
MT (Masoretic Text) Bible I found two errors as follows:

1). There is an added Vav in the BHS after the 29th letter in verse 24,
which is a Mem.
2). Also in verse 27, in the BHS, there is an added Yod after the 36th
letter, which is a Dalet.

This code would not have occurred in the MT because the insertion of even
one extra letter will disrupt all following codes and being as the MT is
the preferred text in use by code researchers it would be wise to ignore
this code.

CODE PROGRAMS

There are only two commercial code programs that I'm aware of:

_Torah Codes_ by TES (Torah Educational Software) searches the Torah only.
Cost is $79 plus $5 shipping. It has a manual and they offer Tech support.
It is available for both PC and Mac (any Mac from a Mac plus and up).
1-800-925-6853.

_Bible Search_ by Torah Soft. The 1996 book by Moshe Katz in English,
_COMPUTORAH_, contains the code program _Bible Search_ that searches the
entire Tanach (O.T.). Designed for DOS only. The book contains a gold mine
of information on the codes. You can order the book which includes the disk
for $59.95 plus $15 shipping. It is available in the US at: Israel
Connection (Jewish books and Gifts), Phoenix, Arizona 1-800-722-5290 ask to
speak to the owners Terry & Geri Epcar. In Israel it can be purchased from
Mount Zion Books/Sifrei Har Tzion/Torah Soft.  The web site is
http://www.zionbooks.com. However, I have just been informed that Torah
Soft will no longer be placing _Bible Search_ in the book CompuTorah.
Please call the book stores mentioned above for more details.

I would recomend that you ask others who are using these programs to see
which one would be best for your own use.

STATISTICAL PROBABILITY OF SHORT WORDS

Quite often you will find innumerable codes for any one word and especially
the shorter words.  For instance, it has been reported that there are 2,861
occurrences of the word Yeshua/Jesus (which is only a 4 letter word in
Hebrew) between an ELS (equidistant letter sequence) of 1-500 just in the
Torah alone.

Therefore, finding one of these occurrences of the word Yeshua is not very
important statistically speaking. However, if it occurs in a relevant
verse, such as a Messianic prophecy, then it's importance is greatly
enhanced and especially if it lands on an important word in that verse.
Also, with a short ELS, relevant gematria, and occurring with other words
in a phrase or in a matrix of closely related words that are situated
nearby, it's importance is even further enhanced.

ALL those aspects should be taken into account and those codes that have
the majority of the above should be considered first. If I find 2 or 3 of
those together then I consider it a significant find. All others I discount
until further notice. I say "until further notice" because I believe if God
inserted the codes about Yeshua then he wouldn't have allowed even one code
to be there that was not needed and he'll have an explanation for each one
eventually.

SUBJECTIVE vs. OBJECTIVE RESEARCH

Mathematicians will tell you that the kind of research I mentioned above
cannot be proven to be statistically significant. And I agree with them.
However, since when has science ever been able to adequately measure a
spiritual phenomenon? It is impossible to scientifically measure relevance
to the scriptures involved and when a code occurs such as the one I have
described above there will be too many factors to consider to adequately
analyze it's importance statistically. Therefore, when you start to
investigate code research you will find that there are basically two kinds
of code researchers:

1).  Researchers that are only interested in objective research that can be
analyzed statistically to prove whether the codes are of God, or not, and
who discount such subjective studies as I have described above.

2.)  Researchers like Grant Jeffrey(4), Yacov Rambsel (7), and others,
including myself, who prefer the subjective method whereby we presume to
make an educated guess at what codes God would have encoded in the
Scriptures due to an in-depth and (hopefully) Spirit-led study of the
surface text.

The reason that the majority of objective researchers are very wary of the
subjective method is because they believe that anyone can find a code that
will support their own particular ideology. And I agree, to an extent.
However, I believe that as long as the encoded words corroborate the
surface text then it shouldn't be a problem. Anyone attempting to prove
something that the surface text specifically speaks against, such as Mickey
Mouse being God, would either be lying to themselves or else have a serious
misunderstanding of the true Gospel message--unless they happen to be a
love struck Minnie Mouse of course :)

Original code researchers, such as Rabbi Michael Dov Weissmandl, Maimonides
(Rambam in Hebrew), and others, used the same method long before the
invention of computers and therefore I believe if it was good enough for
them then it should be good enough for the rest of us--as long as it agrees
with the message of the surface text of course.

CODE MATRIXES

Quite often there will be an interesting matrix involved in a code
discovery with either related words occurring close to the key word, or
intersecting one of the letters of that word.

Following is an attempt to illustrate what a matrix of two intersecting
codes would look like if you were to mark them out in your Hebrew Bible.
This is a hypothetical code using English instead of Hebrew letters. Yeshua
is Hebrew for Jesus and HaMashiach means The Messiah (or The Christ). For
illustrative purposes we will assume that Yeshuah has a skip distance of 2
and HaMashiach a skip of 14. The #'s represent all those letters not
involved in the two codes:

##################
############H#####
########A#########
####M#############
A#############S###
####Y#E#S#H#U#A###
######I ###########
##A#############C#
############H#####
##################


The following is what will result if you manipulate the same text so that
it's only 14 letters wide (the width of the longest ELS) so that the
intersecting codes show up more clearly:

          ##########
##############
######H#######
######A#######
######M#######
######A#######
######S#######
Y#E#S#H#U#A###
######I #######
######A#######
######C#######
######H#######
##############
###

In other words we have "Jesus The Messiah (or Christ)" encoded in the text.
If you want to check out an example of two codes that interconnect see the
sample I included in my last article--Yeshua Shmi in Isaiah 53:10 and
Mashiach in Isaiah 53:11. (If you don't have the last article it should be
available on the PropheZine web site, and if not contact me and I'll send
you a copy.)

THIS WEEKS CODE SAMPLE

I am going to try and post a new code discovery each week in this column.

The following was found by Barbara DiGilio, who has written a book on
Codes, Gematria, and Shemology (8). She found the phrase "Messiah's Blood"
encoded 8 times in the Torah. Barbara is a Messianic Jew. She said she
looked for this phrase, because "The Jewish people do not believe that
Messiah needed to shed His blood, but we know He did." She found that
"Messiah's Blood" occurs 8 times in the Torah using a 1 to 386 skip. She
chose 386 because it is the gematria of Yeshua's name, and the 8 is also
linked to Yeshua. In Greek his name is 888. The number 8 stands for New
Beginnings, and also Rest, as in the 8th Day. This makes the find in Lev.
23:34 even more significant (see below).

She found the phrase "Messiah's Blood" (mem-shin-yod-chet-dalet-mem) in the
following passages:

1.  Gen: 5:3 to 5:18-a skip of +124--the mem in the word "name" (Strongs
#8034)--in a passage talking about the lineage of Adam. (also found encoded
in this passage was  the word "asham" which means sin offering.)

2.  Gen: 17:19 to 18:24- skip of +323--occurring on the word "And said"
(Strongs #559)  In a passage talking about God's promise of an everlasting
covenant between He and Isaac.

3.  Lev: 23:34 to 24:3- skip of +159--occurring on the word "Fifteenth"
(Strongs #2568) --in a passage where God is telling Moses about the feast
of Booths. The 8th day of the Feast of Booths is called Shemini Atzeres,
and is a Sabbath, a Rest. It is a picture of the 1000 reign of Messiah when
He is on earth. We can only enter that rest through "Messiah's Blood."
(also found in this passage are encoded the words "Yeshua" and "in strength
and valor."

4.  Num: 1:6 to 1:32- skip of -211-- occurring on the word "Simeon"
(Strongs #8095)-- in a passage talking about the census/genealogy of
Israel's warriors. The root of Simeon's name is "Shema," meaning to "HEAR"
-- the watch word in Jewish Life, and Death.

5.  Num: 1:45 to 2:21- skip of -266--occurring on the words "their Fathers"
(Strongs #1)--same passage as above.

6.  Num: 2:9 to 2:31- skip of -186--occurring on the word "hundred"
(Strongs #3967)--same passage as above.

7.  Num: 11:21 to 12:15- skip of +310--occurring on the word "Moses"
(Strongs #4872)--in a passage talking about the quail and the plague

8.  Num: 31:30 to 31:36- skip of +48--occurring on the word "man" (Strongs
#120)--in a passage talking about the tithe to be paid to the Levites.

 - - - - - -

If you have any questions or there is something that you would like me to
explain in more detail write me at the following address and I'll try and
explain it in an upcoming article.

Lori Eldridge
Lorel@on-ramp.ior.com
Owner of TCODE--a mailing list designed for the discussion of Codes in the
Torah/Tanach (O.T.). An Internet Source List on the Codes is available on
request.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - -

1.  According to a Rabbi Vilna Gaon, who lived at the end of the 1700's,
Deuteronomy actually starts on the 5th verse with the first four verses
actually being a summary of the first four books of the Torah. This hasn't
been proven yet but it is an interesting possibility and would make the
"Torah in the Torah" code even more significant statistically if it proves
to be true.

2.  The number 50 is very important as it represents the year of Jubilee, a
year of emancipation and restoration to be kept every 50 years--a Sabbath
rest for the land, a year belonging to the Lord. There are 49 days of Omer
counting from the second day of Passover to the Shavuot which equals the
50th day. It is also Jewish tradition that are 50 gates of wisdom in the
Torah.

3.  The reason that Deuteronomy has a code of 49 instead of 50 like the
other 3 books is because the Torah or Law was given by Moses in this book,
instead of God, and according to Jewish tradition he was only given 49
gates of wisdom instead of 50.

4.  Jeffrey, Grant, _The Signature of God_, Frontier Research Publications,
Inc., 1996, pp. 213,214. Grant's Home page:
<http://www.GrantJeffrey.com/index.html>

5.  Witztum, Doron, Eliyahu Rips, Yoav Rosenberg. _Equidistant Letter
Sequences in the Book of Genesis_, Statistical Science, 1994, Vol. 9. No.
3. 429-438.

6.  Michaelson, Daniel, _Reading the Torah with Equal Intervals_,
http://www.math.gatech.edu/~jkatz/Religions/Numerics/torah.html.

7.  Rambsel, Yacov, _Yeshua: The Name of Jesus Revealed in the Old
Testament_, Frontier Research Pub., 1996. Rambsel's home page:
<http://home.cwnet.com/crm/yhf.html>

8.  DiGilio, Barbara, _So What Do You Think?: A provocative Study in God's
Word_, Mayim Hayim Ministry, P.O. Box 11911, Phoenix, AZ. 85061. (602)
937-6141. email: (Barbara DiGilio) <mayim@mail.econo.net>

**********************************************************

Shemology, A Teaching Tool of Mayim Hayim Ministry
By Barbara DiGilio

Shemology, what does it mean?

The word Shem is Hebrew for name, and the world Ology means: A science or
branch of learning. I have chosen Shemology instead of Nameology, first
because all names do not have biblical meanings, the second reason is that
is what I heard our LORD speak to me in the night. What we teach is that
even the names can give a clear message to the reader, if the reader knows
what to look for. The Key: All things must point to Elohim, G-d and His
Holy Plan. Now in His plan we see that He has many who are anointed, past
and present but only one is called "The Anointed." He being the one who
makes the proclamation, "Low I come in the volume of the book, it is
written of me" (Psalms 40:7). And established in the book of the Hebrews:

Then said I, Lo, I come (in the volume of the book it is written of me,) to
do thy will, O God.
Above when he said, Sacrifice and offering and burnt offerings and offering
for sin thou wouldest not, neither hadst pleasure therein; which are
offered by the law; Then said he, Lo, I come to do thy will, O God. He
taketh away the first, that he may establish the second. By the which will
we are sanctified through the offering of the body of  Yeshua Messiah once
for all. And every priest standeth daily ministering and offering
oftentimes the same sacrifices, which can never take away sins: But this
man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the
right hand of God; From henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his
footstool. For by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are
sanctified. Whereof   the Holy  Spirit also is a witness to us: for after
that he had said before, This is  the covenant that I will make with them
after those days, saith the Lord, I will put my laws into their hearts, and
in their minds will I write them; And their sins and iniquities will I
remember no more. Now where remission of these is, there is  no more
offering fo sin. Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the
holiest by the blood of  Yeshua, By a new and living way, which he hath
consecrated for us, through the veil, that is to say, his flesh;

.........................................................

So the word of G-d is clear, this is G-d's Ha'Mashiach, "The Anointed"
Yeshua Messiah. And Yeshua tells us that the whole of the Scriptures are abo
ut Him!!! Yes, it is a book to teach us about G-d, and how to live with one
another. But it's much more, it is about Him, and how we need to be more
like Him.

It is my prayer that you will find Shemology interesting and that you would
receive the desire to dig deeper into the Holy Scriptures. What we have
attempted to do is to take the Names and give to you, a deeper meaning so
we may impart what we truly believe is the Heart of G-d.

Each name implies some of what the Father of Eternity wants us to know. G-d
Himself used Shemology in the book of Hosea. Many of the messages have
"prophetic implications," so let us set out on this journey exploring the
Shemology in the Word.

.........................................................

G-d is Pointing the Way
 Salvation = YESHUA
.........................................................

Shemology 101

From our first book "So What Do You Think?" we will give you one of the
example's of Shemology. At that time we had not yet coined the name
Shemology. However, in various chapters we use Shemology. In one such
chapter calling "Filling-in, Why was Caleb a Prince in Judah?" we can see
plainly how it works. The Shemology of these names are used here to show us
in a powerful way the nature of the Messiah.

.........................................................

From Pages 79-80

... By the way, the genealogy in the Book of Ruth chapter 4:18-22 also has
a divine message. Let us look at it along with the references noted of
Messianic foreshadowing:

1.  Pharez-----------A breach  (Isaiah 58:12)
2.  Hezron----------Enclosed  (Isaiah 58:12; Psalms 22:12)
3.  Ram-------------Great; High (Isaiah 6:1)
4.  Amminadab----My Kinsman is noble ( The Book of Ruth)
5.  Nahshon-------- A Prophet; A Diviner (Luke 24:19)
6.  Salmon----------Clothed, Raiment; Garment (psalms 93:1)
7.  Boaz-------------In Him is strength (Psalms 93:1)
8.  Obed------------A Son is worshipped; A Servant (Isaiah 53)
9.  Jesse------------My subsistence; Supporter of life (John 6:35; 11:25)
10. David-----------Beloved (Deuteronomy 33:12; Mark 1:11; Luke 20:13;
Ephesians 1:6)

.........................................................

Through the identification and of this lineage, we unveil a mystery within
the Word of G-d. In Isaiah 58:12, the L-RD is the "Restorer of the Breach,"
as our Intercessor. Psalms 22:12 speaks of bulls Compassing round about Him
at the Cross: a picture of the headstrong determination of man. Also,
Isaiah 6:1 sees the L-RD "High and Lifted up, sitting on a throne." In Ruth
we see Boaz as the Kinsman who is Noble, and who the Rabbis teach was a
Judge, "IBZAN," of Bethlehem (Judges 12:8-10). Therefore, Boaz is literally
a type of the Messiah who reigns in Righteousness.

Clues or marker are included in the B'rit Hadashah, "The New Covenant,"
i.e. Testament as well. Doctor Luke, in his book, Chapter 24, verse 19
tells us: "Concerning Jesus, Yeshua of Nazareth, which was a Prophet mighty
in deed and word before G-d and all the people."

His attributes are distinguished in the fashion of His attire in Psalms 93:
"The L-RD reigneth, He is clothed with strength, wherewith He hath girded
Himself: the world also is stablished, that it cannot be moved." Yet,
Isaiah 53 frames a silhouette of a suffering servant, who one day will be
worshipped by all for what He has done for us.

The whole of the B'rit Hadashah, "The New Covenant," points to Messiah
Yeshua being the Supporter of Life-Our Subsistence. John's Gospel, 6:35 and
11:25, are just two of the many examples of He Who Himself is the source of
our provision.

Finally, we see Messiah as the "Beloved of G-d"  in Deuteronomy 33:12, Mark
11; Luke 20:13, and Ephesians 1:6.

Once again, let us make the application:

.........................................................

"A Breach (is) Enclosed. A Great High and Noble Prophet, A Diviner (is HE).
Clothed- in Him is Strength. A Son who is Worshipped, A Servant (of all),
(who is) my Subsistence, the Supporter of Life, the Beloved of G-d."
(Emphasis Mine)

Can you see the message flashing out through these names? I can see a bold
bright illustration of exactly what Messiah would be like--a clear
personification of our beloved Yeshua!!!

.........................................................
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
.........................................................

From the book: "So What Do You Think?" A Provocative Study In G-d's Word
For more information write:
Rev. B. Di Gilio
Mayim Hayim Ministry
PO Box 11911
Phx, AZ 85061
(602) 937-6141
Or send us a post, at our Email address: Mayim@mail.econo.net

************************************************

The Eternal Generation, By John Kinsella
Book Review by Ray Gano

As many of you know, I do quiet a bit of reading. At times I am reading
aprox. 4 books a week. Well I really do not have the time to read four per
week anymore, I am more like to 2-3 at one time. Anyway, I have to do a lot
to stay up on what is going on in the world and how things relate to Bible
Prophecy with writing and putting together PropheZine. If you are a long
time reader you also know that a book, video or newsletter has to be REALLY
good for me to give it a review in PZ. Well John Kinsella's is one of those
books, it is outstanding!

John Kinsella is a internet friend of mine. We have known each other for
over 2 years now and we share the same interest in Bible Prophecy. If you
do not know of John Kinsella, he is the former head writer for This Week In
Bible Prophecy Program. He has also written for or has helped Grant
Jeffrey, Hal Lindsey, the Lalonde brothers plus many others in the field.
He is VERY respected in the prophecy circles as a great researcher and
author.

In one of our emails, John said he was writing a book about this
generation. I told John that when he finishes, to let me know and I will
tell my readers about it, that is of course once I got done reading it.
Well one Saturday not to long ago a envelopes shows up on the doorstep and
inside is John's new book "THE ETERNAL GENERATION." I was really excited
because I have been waiting for this for over a year now. I ripped open the
parcel and with a cup of coffee in hand, I broke into the book.(I need my
coffee)

Many Bible Prophecy books look at what is to come and how the author
interprets the Bible. John's book is different in that it looks back at
what has happens and gives the historical proof which corresponds to what
was written in God's Word.

This book is really geared toward the non-believer or sceptic. In fact John
comes out right in the beginning and states that he is not pushing his
theology but instead he is showing the historical proof that "Yes, we are
in the Last Days and we are the Generation that the Bible talks about".

His starting point is the birth of Israel. What else happened in that time
frame? Do you know that MANY pieces of the puzzle were put in place in that
year? John does a VERY good job of showing what steps were taken to
establish the One World Government, the One World Monetary System and the
One World Religion. All of these plus many other steps were put in place
right after the rebirth of the State of Israel. If you did not know this,
you need to get this book. If you did, there are even MORE facts backed by
Biblical scripture in this book that even I had no idea of.

When it comes to NWO stuff and digital money and the like, I consider
myself well educated. I have to say that John Kinsella REALLY did his
homework when he wrote this book. I have had John's book for about 3-4
weeks now and it looks a mess. It has been attacked with my yellow marker,
many pages are dog-eared and I have read it twice. When I read a book
twice, that means the book is really good. With all this book has been
thru, it looks like it has been thru a major battle. I give John's book a
total thumbs up! This is a must have book for any serious student of Bible
Prophecy.

As a special note to you the PZ reader, you can order this book from John
directly and he will autograph it for you. Just let him know you saw it in
PropheZine.

To order his book, send $12.00 US or $15.00 CDN -- this is including book
rate shipping to:

John Kinsella
8 Waterloo St.
Fort Erie, Ontario, Canada
L2A 3J5

Allow 4 to 6 weeks delivery. Faster delivery is available, but the customer
pays for courier fees. REMEMBER TO TELL HIM YOU SAW IT IN PROPHEZINE....

Also give him a good word of encouragement. We need more people like John
and so many like him never hear how much we appreciate his work.

Another thing, when talking to John on the phone, he wanted me to make sure
everyone knew that "All proceeds and royalties from the sale of this book
go directly to the Calvary Baptist Church Evangelical Outreach for the
purpose of proclaiming Christ to a lost and dying world." These words are
taken right from the front cover of his book.

One more item..hot news for all you in the Omaha area!! John will be
speaking in Omaha,  Nebraska in April at a conference coordinated by Joe
Lape at Millard Social Hall. This will be located at Interstate 80 and Sapp
Bros. Exit.  He is sharing the podium with Dr. Randall Price,  Terry Cook
and Mark Spaulding.   For more information,  write Rev. Joe Lape, THIS,
Inc., 9644 Boyd Circle,  Omaha,  NE 68134 or call (401) 573-1512

John is also available to speak at conferences or churches.  His view is
dispensationalist,  pre tribulational,  and fundamentalist and holds to the
fundamentals of the Bible. You can contact him at the above address.

Well I hope you get John's book. I have enjoyed it and I know that you will to.

Till next time,

Ray Gano
Sr.Editor and now Book Review person
PropheZine

*************************************************

THE JEWISH STAKE IN THE: "NEW WORLD ORDER"
By: Joel Bainerman,
Author of "Crimes of A President"

Most people have heard about the New World Order (NWO) but don't know what
it actually means. Most remember George Bush using the words to describe
some sort of "ideal future time," but didn't really understand what he
meant.

Simply put, the NWO means the creation of a world government, or, a world
that will be divided up along regions instead of individual nations. By
having the peoples of the world allocated into blocs rather than individual
nations it will be easier for those running the NWO to exert their control.

There will be five major blocs of nations: the US, Canada and Mexico, South
America, Europe, The Middle East, and the wealthy nations of Asia. Then, a
world government will be created. All nations' sovereignty will be
subservient to the orders and power of the newly created regional
Government. The heads of these five major blocs will answer to a "Supreme
Council" based at the UN. This will become the world government's ruling
council.

The people behind the push towards a NWO are the world's powerbrokers which
have names like David Rockefeller, Henry Kissinger, Warren Christopher,
Zbigniew Brzezinski, Jimmy Carter, Cyrus Vance, Bill Clinton, George Bush,
James Baker, etc. The powerbrokers belong to organizations like the Council
on Foreign Relations, the Trilateral Commission and the Bilderbergs, and
are opposed to religion and nationalism because they know both of these
ideologies offer hope if people believe in them. The foreign powerbrokers
want to strip people of their hope so that they will turn from humans into
robots and thus will be easier to rule over.

Nowhere is the secret plan to create a NWO, or world government, more real
than in Europe. Although nearly every single European nation and leader is
against the drive to unify Europe, the program continues? Who then is
behind it? Why was it so important for the EEC to unify by l992? Why is it
vital for Europe to have a common currency by the year 1999? Who sets these
targets for unification? Why did Germany unify so fast? Why did the Soviet
Union decide to voluntarily give up its power? The Berlin Wall came down so
easily. How could the entire Eastern European power entity as it existed in
l989, suddenly all decided, at the same time no less, that it will be
better to have no more Cold War and the world will no longer be divided.
What major political event happened in the late 80's to make all these NWO
agendas possible? We don't know. Our ignorance allows it to continue.

In North America, NAFTA is the instrument the NWO powerbrokers are using to
unify Canada, the US and Mexico into a regional bloc. While it is sold in
the controlled press as an economic initiative, just as the unification of
Europe is sold as an economic initiative, the real goal is political
unification.

In the Middle East, the Oslo agreements were concocted by the powerbrokers
to weaken Israel, and strengthen the Palestinians in order to create
increased instability. When there is instability the foreign powerbrokers
can interfere and in our domestic affairs by corrupting our politicians. In
this way they snatch political control away from the rightful owners, the
Jewish people, and hand it over to foreign powerbrokers. Don't this for a
moment that this isn't happening. You can't afford to be wrong. If it is
and you don't know about it then you are being deceived. Hookwinked.
Snarled.

Don't believe for a moment the fairy tale story of the origins of Oslo
being in a chance meeting by obscure Israeli academics and PLO officials in
Norway. That story is a cover. Oslo was planned. In November l992 Rabin
sent Beilin to London to sign the secret pact. London is the center of the
Oslo agenda, not Oslo. Don't be deceived by Beilin. Oslo begins and ends in
London/American establishment. It has nothing to do with Peres or Norwegian
government officials who, according to the establishment press "got the two
sides together to hammer out an agreement" and thus Oslo was born. In a
hotel room in Norway the Palestinian-Israeli conflict has been solved.
Right!

This is what the people are handed in the press and this is what they
believe. The people only know as much as what CNN tells them (and that
isn't much). The problem isn't political. It's education. We need to make
more people aware about the fact that Israel's leadership has been
compromised making its leaders corrupt and in the service of foreign
powerbrokers not the Israeli public.

The ultimate goal of the plan to destabilize Israel is to force Israel to
relinquish a portion of her sovereignty (based on the argument that this
will lead to greater stability and security) to a regional political body,
i.e., a regional enforcement agency. This regional agency will be
subservient to a world central government based at the UN. As the violence
flairs-up, the security forces of the regional enforcement agency will be
asked to intervene and establish order in the region as peacekeepers.

The NWO powerbrokers always first create a phony problem and then come up
with their solution to solve the manufactured dilemma. This is how they
energize their hold on power. If more people knew about NWO secret agendas
to lead the world into a One World Government it will be harder from them
to do it.

If we remain ignorant they will be able to go on throwing these empty
threats of Islamic Fundamentalism to the public. Since the public is
ignorant of anything other than what it sees on CNN and reads in Yediot or
New York Times, the NWO succeeds. We can stop it if we become better
informed.

Let's start with the so-called "threat of Islamic Fundamentalism." Where
has it been successful? It has never been and isn't today nearly as much of
a threat as the American media and the Israeli government makes it out to
be. The Iranians have supposedly been "seeking nuclear capabilities" for
the past ten years and former Russian officials and nuclear scientists are
supposedly selling them the secrets.

How long should it take for them before they will have a bomb? Why then is
there such an uproar over the "threat of the spread of radical Islamic
Fundamentalism". There really is no big threat to the state of Israel. The
manufactured problem of Islamic Fundamentalism fits the pattern of the NWO.
Create a problem and then offer your solution as the right one. This is how
they exert their control. By getting you to admit that Islamic
Fundamentalism is a problem it allows them to come into the picture and
supply solutions such as "campaign to Islamic fight terror." Has there been
any successful revolution? Conquest? Where then is this big threat they
tell us is going to one day consume all of the free world?

The fact is there is no threat. These concepts are manufactured in the
press and fed to the people. The Arabs, with or without Islamic
Fundamentalism, with or without oil, are powerless. They exist only because
the NWO powerbrokers in London/America and Paris/Germany allow them to
exist. They are creations of them. On their own they are nothing. The
French-based powerbrokers are behind the agenda to create the threat of
Islamic Fundamentalism. Why do radical Arab leaders go into exile only in
France? Why is France and Germany so close to the action? Why is it that
everytime a story pops up about how Ron Arad may be freed, the Germans are
involved? There are two deals in the Middle East for the French and
British/American powerbrokers. The oil states are tied to the
British/American branch of the NWO. Everything that is bad in Arab
politics, Nasser, Islamic Fundamentalism, Baath party, is always the
French. The PLO is tied to the British/American wing. The French, since
they don't have the oil ties to the Arab world (nor as much economic muscle
in general as the British/American powerbrokers) need to create radical
characters like Nasser and Assad to make up for what they lack financially
in ties to the oil money.

WE WON'T BE FOOLED AGAIN

Understand and don't be fooled. The NWO can only take over because of your
ignorance. If you know what it really going on they won't be able to
deceive you. And most importantly, don't be a fool. Take the threat of the
NWO seriously. Go to any library and do your homework. Find out how many
high ranking officials have been talking about and working towards a New
World Order/One World Government. Gorbachov, Bush, Reagan, Carter, Clinton
are all on record as supporting it. High ranking officials in the State
Department, the Council on Foreign Relations, the Trilateral Commission,
The Bilderbergs, the Ford, Rockefeller, and Carnegie Foundations have all
stated during the past half century that they see the idea of a World
government as positive or "inevitable".

The UN is the vehicle that is being used to usher in the NWO. That explains
the phenomenal rise in that organization since l989 when Bush came to
power. Go to the library and investigate the stated goals behind some of
the programs these organizations and the UN have created. You will be
amazed at how long the deception has been going on. Your ignorance to these
secret agendas is what make this thing a problem. You need to smarten-up.

How to smarten-up? Understanding the real power of the media is important.
The most deadly tools the NWO powerbrokers have in their arsenal is the
media as this is where the real power lies. The powerbrokers control the
mainstream media. Don't for a moment think that it is free and independent.
It isn't. The establishment press in each country is controlled- including
Israel. If the press were really free there would be investigations into
corruption every day. There isn't because the powerbrokers stifle these
initiates. What has Israel become a haven for Russian Mafia and an
assortment of Eastern European criminals who somehow are able to find
shelter in Israel. None of these people are claiming to be Jewish. Why has
the press not investigated Moshe Sachal's ties to all of this dirty
business?

With the media in their control the powerbrokers are able to set the tone
for every political and social debate and get you to believe whatever they
want. For instance, within a few years and with the help of the controlled
media such as CNN, they made everyone believe "globalism was good" and that
by the world becoming "global" the human race would be better off. They
made everyone believe The Soviet Union collapsed because of "economic
hardships." They can make the people anything they want because most people
receive their news on international events from the mainstream media and
nowhere else. Deception is the name of their game. Your ignorance allows
the deceit to continue.

ARE ISRAELI LEADERS SERVING THE INTERESTS OF THE ISRAELI PEOPLE?

Have you ever thought about your Jewish destiny? About who ultimately
controls it?

Today, Israelis don't control their own political destiny. Since l992 the
destiny of the State of Israel has been in the hands of foreigners-
powerbrokers in the U.S. and powerbrokers in Europe based in Paris.

Yitzhak Rabin was an agent of the American branch of the NWO run by
Rockefeller, Kissinger and the Council on Foreign Relations. During his
time in office Rabin met Kissinger secretly on eleven different occasions
and Rockefeller once visited Israel secretly in November l994. Netanyahu,
Beilin and Barak are also puppets of the American powerbrokers.

Shimon Peres became a servant of the European-based powerbrokers after his
recruitment into the Socialist International in l976. In l994 he and Yossi
Beilin concocted a secret agreement which gives Vatican hegemony over the
Old City of Jerusalem in the year 2000. The agreement has never been made
public.

When Peres talks about his "New Middle East" don't charge him with being
naive. The New Middle East is an attempt by Peres' foreign backers to strip
Israel of her uniqueness as a Jewish state and meld her into a regional
family of nations. To this end he and Beilin are prepared to sacrifice
Israel's sovereignty.

WHAT HAPPENED TO THE ISRAELI PEOPLE?

In the past five years Israelis have become politically ignorant. They've
also lost control over the destiny of their political entity. It doesn't
matter if you are on the Right or the Left. There is no difference between
a Labor traitor and a Likud traitor. If we have been deceived we must
acknowledge our ignorance. Zionism can't continue another day until the
issue of who currently controls Israel's political destiny is settled. If
you want your country back you are going to have to accept the fact that
Rabin, Bibi, Peres, Beilin, and Barak work on behalf of powerful political
interests abroad, not the Israeli voter. If you don't acknowledge this then
you won't be viewing reality as it exists. Their agendas are carried out in
secret. Just because you didn't hear about it doesn't mean it didn't
happen. As they control what is fed to the media you only know what they
are telling you.

All Jews and Israelis have reason to be worried. As the Millennium draws to
a close, winning back Israel's sovereignty from the NWO will become a
matter of life and death for the Jewish state. As the next few years goes
by life in Israel is going to get very unpleasant. The people will
experience internal instability and further divisiveness, and a government
that becomes increasingly Fascist in its treatment of those who display
religious or nationalist tendencies. Those who refuse to accept the
dictates of the "New Middle East" will be portrayed in the controlled press
as "dangerous radicals."

This is the Jewish stake in the New World Order. Israelis will find it
increasingly difficult to openly express their nationalism or their
religiosity. Those that do will be considered "radicals" and will be
severely mistreated by their own government. We've already had a taste of
this type of Fascism in the Rabin-Peres government. It comes from the NWO
not from Rabin or Peres. Expect more of the same as the next few years ago
by. Your ignorance of the nature of your political leaders is how they are
able to kidnapped and abscond with the destiny of the Jewish state. Wake
up. The power in Israel today lies not it a Rabin, a Bibi or in a Peres as
elected officials of a democratic state. This is how the controlled press
presents it. It isn't the truth. Today Israel's leaders are in the hands of
foreign powerbrokers who maintain positions of high political and economic
power in the world. Their aims are not the same as those of the Jewish
people and the State of Israel.

If you value your Jewish heritage and your right to live in an independent
Jewish state, you can't just walk away and forget about the fact that
foreign powerbrokers have stolen your national sovereignty by corrupting
your elected leaders.

Now that you know what do you plan to do about it?

----------------------
This pamphlet can be distributed freely to every Jew and anyone else that
cares about what happens in the Middle East and America.

************************************************************

ESPECIALLY FOR NEW CHRISTIANS (2)

ONE MORE TIME: 'WHO AM I?'

God said, 'Let us make humankind in our image, according to our likeness...

So God created humankind in his image, in the image of God he created them;
male and female he created them.

God blessed them, and God said to them, 'Be fruitful and multiply, and fill
the earth and subdue it; and have dominion over... every living thing that
moves upon the earth.' When God created humankind, he made them in the
likeness of God. Male and female he created them, and he blessed them...

           When I look at your heavens,
                the work of your fingers,
             the moon and the stars that
                you have established;
           what are human beings that you
                are mindful of them,
             mortals that you care for them?

Just as we have borne the image of the man of dust, we will also bear the
image of the man of heaven.

Surely I know the plans I have for you, says the Lord, plans for your
welfare and not for harm, to give you a future with hope. Then when you
call upon me and come and pray to me, I will hear you. When you search for
me, you will find me; if you seek me with all your heart.

Jesus said, 'I am the bread of life.  Whoever comes to me will never be
hungry, and whoever believes in me will never be thirsty.'

God... is rich in mercy, [and a] great love with which he loved us.

As you therefore have received Christ Jesus the Lord, continue to live your
lives in him. ...We must grow up in every way into him who is the head,
into Christ.  I want to know Christ and the power of his resurrection and
the sharing of his sufferings...

Do not lie to one another, seeing you have... clothed yourself with the new
self, which is being renewed in knowledge according to the image of its
Creator.  With [the tongue] we bless the Lord and Father, and with it we
curse those who are made in the likeness of God.

Cast all your anxiety on him, because he cares for you.

Genesis 1:26-28; Genesis 5:1; Psalm 8:3,4; 1 Corinthians 15:49;
Jeremiah 29:11-13; John 6:35; Ephesians 2:4; Colossians 2:6;
Ephesians 4:13 & 15; Philippians 3:9-10; Colossians 3:9,10; James 3:9;
     1 Peter 5:7.

     .....

'Going once... going twice... gone! Sold to the gentleman with the green
tie!' cried the auctioneer. One by one the man's possessions were offered -
the stereo, the car, the TV.  Finally only the man remained. 'And what am I
offered for this man?' the auctioneer continued. 'A fine specimen...!'

Trembling with horror, he woke from his dream. But the thought troubled
him. What would they have paid for him?  Two thousand dollars, five
thousand? More? Less?

How much am I worth?

Our inorganic elements would bring about $10: our bodies have enough fat to
make a few bars of soap, enough iron for a couple of nails, enough sugar to
fill a small shaker, enough phosphorous to make a box of matches, and
enough lime to whitewash a shed...

The biblical question is not merely 'What are human beings?' but 'What are
human beings... that you care for them?' It's about how we relate to God;
how God values us. Each of us is on this planet not by chance or accident,
but by design. You and I are God's idea, and very special to him. We
resulted from a special creative act of God. Genesis says 'God saw
everything he had made, and behold, it was very good.' Man/woman comes into
being 'trailing clouds of glory'.

Humans were/are the apex of creation, made 'in the image of God'. This
means we are 'like God', not in physical form (God is Spirit) but as the
visible representatives on earth of the Divine Being.  Nor are we simply
more like God than the other animals, because we weep and laugh,
     or because we are the only primates to walk upright (but we begin and
     end life horizontally rather than perpendicularly), or whose brain is
     larger and cleverer (so that we can use equipment outside our own
     bodies, or manufacture striped toothpaste.  But then, as James Thurber
     once wrote, dogs are raising families of their own before the first
     anniversary of their birth; but the young of humans are practically no
     good at all until almost a quarter of a century').  We are more than
     naked (or trousered) apes. Humans are creatures who sense the
     difference between what things are and what they ought to be.

     D H Lawrence sees humans in terms of 'blood, soil and sex'.  Camus
     summarizes his dilemma: 'Everything which exalts life adds at the same
     time to its absurdity.' In Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot human
     life is reduced to waiting - for someone who never comes.

     Some ancient philosophers regarded humans as encased souls or animated
     bodies; the Bible rather emphasizes the unity of our personhood.
     Naturalism says we are a little higher than the tadpoles; the Bible
     says we are a little lower than the angels.  Scientism says we are an
     accidental arrangement of molecules; the Bible says we are crowned with
     glory and honour.  Behaviourism says we are complex biological
     machines, whose behaviour is explained in terms of inherited or
     environmental factors; Jesus invites us to use our God-given capacity
     to worship the Lord in Spirit and in truth. Marxism says all human
     reality can be reduced to natural processes and events; the Bible
     affirms our God-endowed dignity and worth.

     We are like God intellectually:  having the power to reason, imagine
     and think about God; socially: capable of loving God, others and self;
     of celebrating and grieving; vocationally: as tenants of God's good
     earth we are commissioned to tend it with care; aesthetically:
     delighting in the natural beauty God has created; morally:  our
     conscience helps us discern the will of God and freely choose goodness;
     and spiritually: we pray and worship and can 'know' God, and
     we experience premonitions of immortality (long before stone was used
     for houses it was used for tombs). So we are invited to exhibit the
     nature and qualities of our Creator. The only satisfactory way we can
     understand who we are is in terms of our being cared for by God, and
     responsible to serve and obey him in return.

     But these same humans have not wanted to replicate the Divine nature.
     They would prefer to be served than serve; to rule than to submit; to
     be autonomous and selfish rather than live responsibly in community; to
     get along without God, rather than live in dependence upon him. Fallen
     human nature is such that distant wars, earthquakes or cyclones trouble
     us a little, but a lot less than our own toothache or the scratch on
     our new car.  As Rousseau said, we are born free, but everywhere we are
     in chains. If there is one theme recurring throughout this book, it is
     this: you are like God, and like the Devil. Humans do despicable things
     to each other. They're sinners.  (Did you know that cannibalism was
     practised in Scotland, Ireland and England as recently as four hundred
     years ago?).

     The alternative to worshipping and serving God is idolatry:  making
     gods out of our selves or some other created thing.  That's why the
     second commandment prohibits our making images of God.  William
     Golding's Lord of the Flies graphically describes the depths to which
     human depravity will sink when some English school boys, marooned on a
     tropical island resort to a primitive sacrificial cult in which pigs
     are offered to appease the mysterious Lord of the Flies.

     God makes all things good, humans meddle with them and they become
     evil.  But although the image of God in us is marred, it's still there!
     As Irenaeus put it in an unforgettable sentence: 'The glory of God is
     [humans] fully alive.'

     Sigmund Freud once said that human self-esteem suffered three great
     blows from science. First Copernicus showed that the earth is not the
     centre of the universe. Then Darwin suggested that humans are not
     organically superior to animals. And psychoanalysis asserted that we
     are not 'masters in our own house'.

     But how can we change and grow? Libertarians say we have complete
     freedom to decide this way or that.  Hard determinists believe we have
     no free will and are therefore not ultimately responsible for our
     destinies. Soft determinists say we may be governed by heredity, social
     factors, our psychology, our sin, or even God's working in our lives,
     but we have some responsibility for our decisions. We can freely choose
     to eat of a certain tree, and die, or obediently desist, and live. Adam
     and Eve are 'everyperson'.

     The Greeks in their wisdom said 'Know thyself!' The Hebrews would have
     preferred 'Know thy God!' God, more than humans, is 'the proper study
     of mankind'. And where is God? Look around. C S Lewis says somewhere if
     we realized who we truly were, we'd be tempted to fall down and worship
     one another.

     We are made up of body, soul and spirit (1 Thessalonians 5:23). What
     does this mean? Greek philosophers like Socrates and Plato regarded the
     body as a useless encumbrance from which the spirit must be freed
     before it can achieve its destiny.  But we are not simply a soul/spirit
     united to a body, any more than we are a body united to a soul. We are
     a complex unity: and Christianity regards the body and soul and spirit
     very highly. When God wanted to show us what he was really like, he
     inhabited a human body: 'Veiled in flesh the Godhead see/ Hail! the
     Incarnate Deity'.  With our bodies we have an affinity with nature, and
     relate to the material universe; with our souls we have self-identity
     and relate to others; with our spirits we relate to God.  We are like a
     two-storied house. The lower storey is the physical part of us - the
     body. The upper storey has a window looking out towards the earth, and
     a skylight through which we view the stars. But it's all one house!

     So, use some biblical self-talk and say to yourself: 'I am important.
     God loves even me. I am an unrepeatable miracle of God's creation. I
     have significance, not because I am better or smarter than anyone else,
     but because I was made in his image. All through life I will be
     bombarded with negative feedback - from family, friends, enemies,
     advertisers, teachers, bosses, employees, or even my own brain. But I
     will agree with God about myself: he doesn't make junk. When I fail, I
     will learn from it and will not call myself a failure.  When I succeed,
     I will give thanks to the One who endowed me with those gifts and
     abilities. When I am depressed, I will say "This, too will pass." And
     when elated, I shall praise him, my wonderful Lord and my God. I am
     important to God, and therefore to myself.  I was died for. I belong to
     him. I am his special child. He loves me and forgives me, and I will
     serve him on earth and celebrate with him in heaven - forever.  Wow!'

     .....

     Lord, what incredible human creatures you have created.  We are
     fearfully and wonderfully made.

     Once we trudged from place to place, now we can fly faster than sound.
     Once we scratched the earth with crude wooden tools, now robots serve
     us. Once we chiseled inscriptions laboriously on parchment or stone;
     now we multiply words and ideas in milli-seconds. Once we looked at the
     moon and marveled; now we can walk on it. Someone somewhere first blew
     through a ram's horn; now we create mighty symphonies.

     But remind us, Lord, that we have some fearful limitations.  We humans
     possess real goodness but not sufficient goodness, real wisdom but not
     sufficient wisdom, real power but not sufficient power. So we need your
     goodness, wisdom and power. Help us, Lord, to use our intelligence to
     take account of the dangers that come from trusting solely in human
     intelligence.

     You have made us for yourself, and we do not rest until we rest in you.
     O God, deny us peace, so that you may some day give us glory. Conquer
     our hearts through your sovereign power and in your mercy and love
     might we become the men and women you intended us to be. And if events
     seem to conspire against our desires, and we haven't the strength to
     impose our terms on life, give us the grace to accept the terms life
     offers us, because of our conviction that all of life is under your
     divine control.

     As we study the majesty and glory of Jesus Christ, we see our destiny:
     what we could become if we too are truly in tune with your good will
     for us.  May we become less and less enslaved by the desires of the
     moment, and freed by your ennobling love and forgiving grace to love
     you with all our heart.

     We pray for your glory. Through Christ our Lord, Amen.

     .....

     A Benediction: Now to God who is able to strengthen you... to the
     only wise God, through Jesus Christ, to whom be the glory forever!
     Amen.  Romans 16:25, 26
____________________________
Director, John Mark Ministries - resources for pastors/leaders.
(Bookroom, library, and worldwide F.W.Boreham Trading Post)
Home Page: http://www.pastornet.net.au/jmm

**************************************

Return, Emmanuel!
By: Lori Fiechter
12-18-96

Emmanuel, Emmanuel;
Thou "God with us", return, Emmanuel!
Come down once more and with us dwell;
You are our only hope, Emmanuel!

Emmanuel, Emmanuel;
O what a debt we owe, no tongue can tell! You tasted death for us, You
tasted hell; You broke the chains of sin and fear, Emmanuel.

O Lord, look down; Look down and see;
This earth is not the way that it should be: Creation groans for its release;
Emmanuel--Return, Thou Prince of peace!

Emmanuel, we praise Thy Name;
Lord, we repent--we will have You to reign! Thou art the Christ; The only way;
O Sun of Righteousness, our King; Return, we pray!

***************************************************************

PropheZine NewsBytes

Hello all,

I wanted to share this with you. A reader in Japan notified me that the
Daily Yomiuri featured one of my www pages from PropheZine (even pictured
my www page) in its Cyberworld column. I wanted to share with you what was
said.....

The article was by Edward A. Mazza II - Special to the Daily Yomiuri - Tues.
Jan. 7, 1997 - A section, page 9.

"Bible Prophecy Come to Pass?" contains hypertext links to current events and
situations that may be in line with predictions found in Revelations
(http://www.best.com/~ray673/sites/come2pass.html). Anyone interested in
Biblical prophesy should come here first; if nothing else, the operators of
this site have done their homework. This site is, in general, a fun and
interesting way to pass the time and surf the Net, a collection of intriguing
links that attempt to point out the subtle ways in which "Revelations" have
come to pass. What is nice about this site is the question mark--very little
is forced upon the viewer. The site also contains one of the best sets of
Biblical prophecy links.

I also have a interview in Ministries Today. If anyone has a copy of that,
please let me know as well.

Keep looking up!!!

In His service,
Ray
PZ

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


F.Y.I. - Israel In The News
By: Lee Underwood

Week Ending: January 11, 1997/Shevat 3, 5757

"Then all the inhabitants of Egypt will know that I am the Lord, because
they have been only a staff made of reed to the house of Israel." Ezekiel
29.6

TERRORIST ATTACK IN TEL AVIV: Thirteen people sustained moderate to light
injuries Thursday night when two bombs detonated near the old Central Bus
Station in southern Tel Aviv, Ha'Aretz reported. The first bomb was located
inside of a garbage container and exploded at 8:20 pm. Six people were
wounded in the explosion. Police officers and Magen David emergency medical
personnel arrived on the scene soon afterward and began treating the
wounded. Ten minutes later, another explosive went off inside of a garbage
can approximately 50 meters (55 yards) from the site of the first
explosion. Seven people were injured in the second blast, including two
police officers who were keeping onlookers back from the site of the first
explosive. No organization has claimed responsibility for the attack, but
Palestinian Authority (PA) Police officers believe that the terrorists who
carried out the attack were members of the Popular Front for the Liberation
of Palestine (PFLP). An Arab Israeli detained for questioning was later
released after it became clear that he had no connection to the attack.
Islamic newsletter al Akhbar noted that both Hamas and Islamic Jihad had
vowed to avenge the incident last week in which soldier Noam Friedman
opened fire in a Hevron market. It also quoted a PA official as saying that
the 'deterioration of talks' made 'anti-Zionist attacks a possibility.'
Prime Minister Netanyahu said that if it becomes clear that the terrorists
came from the territory of the PA, Israel will respond with extreme
severity, Kol Yisrael reported. "We will pursue the terrorists who carried
out this specific attack. We are not willing to return to the situation
where Israel's entry points will be transformed into the focus for lethal
attacks," Netanyahu said.

Meanwhile, one person was killed and six others were injured when a car
driven by a 16-year-old Arab youth crashed into a Jerusalem bakery Tuesday
morning. The police have ruled out a terror attack, calling it an accident.
(Israel Line, MED, Arutz Sheva)

HEVRON TALKS AT IMPASSE: US envoy Dennis Ross failed Saturday to break the
impasse in the peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians, despite a
day of meetings in Cairo. Ross said Israel and Palestinian negotiators are
essentially in agreement on a troop withdrawal from Hevron, but are still
arguing over the specifics of a larger pullback from the rest of Judea and
Samaria. The Palestinians insist that the Americans include in their
guarantee letter a specific date for the completion of Israeli redeployment
from 'rural Palestinian areas' in Judea and Samaria, Yediot Aharonot
reported.

In Hevron, meanwhile, work began Thursday on clearing the site in the
Avraham Avinu complex where Hevron Jews hope to construct a building
housing ten families. Land clearing at the site does not call for a permit
signed by Defense Minister Yitzhak Mordechai. Construction of the building
does, however, necessitate the minister's permission, something that has
not yet been forthcoming.

In another story, the brother of Deputy Prime Minister (Likud) Moshe
Katzav, Lior, has announced he will be moving to Hevron to pressure the
government into canceling its plans to pull out from the area. Lior Katzav
has announced he will be arriving with his wife and family and hopes this
move will increase the pressure against a government redeployment. Lior and
family will join the Prime Minister's brother-in-law, Haggai Ben Artzi who
left Beit El to live in Hevron as well.

The Hevron Jewish Community has criticized an American delegation who
visited the town last Saturday without coordinating with the committee. The
committee says the delegation's visit did not take into account the Jewish
Sabbath. The delegation toured Hevron with the escort of PA Preventive
Security chief Jibril Rajoub. The group visited Shuhada Street and met with
Hevron city officials to discuss US financing of projects in the city after
the IDF redeployment. The delegation included officials from the US Embassy
and the USAID agency. Hevron Mayor Mustafa Natshe said the help of the US
government in the economic development of the city is vital to creating an
atmosphere of change after IDF withdrawal.

An agreement was signed Wednesday afternoon extending the mandate to the
Temporary International Force in Hevron (TIPH) for an additional month. An
appeal has also been sent out to six nations to send participants to join
the TIPH unit. Shlomo Dror, Spokesman for the Coordinator of Activities in
the Territories, says the expanded 'Temporary International Presence'
planned for Hevron will act only as observers, and not be armed. "There are
no plans for them to be in the Cave of the Patriarchs" he said, in an
interview with IMRA. The International Presence currently consists of 60
Norwegian troops. These are to be joined by 120 soldiers from a number of
additional countries. Dror said "If there is shooting I imagine they will
probably duck. Their job is mostly to observe what is happening and report
back to their home countries. This is mostly for the Palestinian side - the
Norwegians are already quite familiar with the Israeli forces." (AP, Israel
Line, Jerusalem Post, Channel 2 Radio News, SNS, Kol Yisrael, MED)

ON THE NORTHERN FRONT: On Wednesday, one IDF soldier was killed and six
others were wounded as Hizb'Allah terrorists opened fire on an Israel
Defense Force (IDF) patrol in the Eastern Sector of the Security Zone. IDF
warplanes struck out at Hizb'Allah terrorist targets in the Jabal Rafiah
area and a Katyusha missile landed in the Western Galil (Galilee). Earlier
in the day, three members of the elite Egoz commando unit were injured
after one member of a patrol stepped on a landmine. Israeli Air Force
planes attacked Hizb'Allah positions in south Lebanon Sunday after an
Israeli force came under heavy mortar fire in a clash against a Hizb'Allah
squad.

Meanwhile, the IDF has announced a change in its operational tactics
against Hizb'Allah terrorists operating in the area. The Air Force will
strike out immediately following any attack against IDF troops in the area.
The Air Force will use warplanes and attack helicopters to combat
Hizb'Allah activities. Security officials explained the difficult
topography of the area enables terrorists to get an advantage over IDF and
South Lebanese Army (SLA) troops. The Air Force will assist in making any
anti- Israel activity more costly and will minimize the advantage provided
by the area topography.

In other developments, the multi-national group monitoring a ceasefire in
southern Lebanon met Monday to discuss several Israeli allegations of
violations by the Hizb'Allah terror organization. These include charges
that Hizb'Allah is using a village as a launching-pad for attacks and a
recent Hizb'Allah roadside bomb which killed two Israeli soldiers. (Channel
2 Radio, SNS, ICEJ, Kol Yisrael)

HIZB'ALLAH HEAVILY ARMED: The Hizb'Allah now has: Sager and other
anti-tanks missiles. The range of the Sager is 500-3,000 meters (500-3,300
yards) but it requires that the person shooting it keep the target in view
until it is hit. They have shoulder fired Sam-7 anti- aircraft missiles
with a range of 2.3 kilometers (1.38 miles) as well as American Stringer
missiles which America sold to Afghan rebels. They have a range of over 3.5
kilometers (2.1 miles); Remote control mines, tripe wire mines, mines which
explode in series and mines disguised by fiberglass boulders; Katyushas
with a 20-22 kilometer (12-13.2 miles) range and 40 kilometer (24 miles)
range Iranian made rockets which carry a 90 kilogram (198 pounds) warhead;
Motorized gliders; Night vision equipment. (Ma'ariv, IMRA)

EGYPT REQUESTS CHANGE TO PEACE TREATY: Egypt has requested that Israel
agree to a change in the military appendix to the peace agreement between
the two countries. Egypt would like to be able to deploy military forces
adjacent to the border with Israel. Israel rejected the request. The
current agreement allows the Egyptians to station only police forces in the
eastern half of the Sinai peninsula. This would have represented a
significant change in the terms of the agreement. Egypt also tried to
reduce the size of the international observer force and have the command of
the force moved from Rome to Aqaba. Israel rejected these requests. (Arutz
Sheva, Ha'Aretz, IMRA)

SETTLEMENT UPDATE: Deputy Minister of Housing Meir Porush announced Monday
during a visit to the Katzrin Regional Council, that he decided topermit
the construction of an additional 200 houses in the settlement this year.
This is in addition to 96 houses put up for tender last week and 35 house
in a "build your house" project. [Katzrin is considered the "capital" of
the Golan Heights-ed] Housing benefits in the Golan Heights include a grant
of NIS 50,000 ($15.4 million) and preferred mortgage terms covering up to
95% of the value of the property.

The Ministry of the Interior rejected the program to expand Ramot which was
submitted by the Golan Regional Council on the grounds that it was a new
settlement and the government policy is only to expand existing
settlements.

Among expansion plans (in addition to those mentioned above): 600 units on
the Western slopes of the Golan to be built immediately and another 900
later - including 150 at three sites next to Moshav Ramot; 450 units in
Bruchim; 220 units in Bnei Yehuda which can be increased to 500; 104 units
in Moshav Had Nes (which requires the clearing of a minefield at a cost of
NIS 2 million ($617,000) for 30 of the units); 96 units in Maaleh Gamla, 81
in Kanaf, Kidmat Tzvi and Neveh Ativ; 70 units in Keshet, Mavo Hama and
Kfar Rehov.

The United States has stated it continues to monitor construction in the
territories (Judea, Samaria and Gaza) and Jerusalem and is aided by
Palestinian reports which are provided to the American Consulate in
Jerusalem. (Ha'Aretz, IMRA)

WALDMAN AND LEVINGER TO BE DISCUSSED: The Council of Jewish Settlements In
Judea, Samaria and Gaza (Yesha) members are scheduled to discuss next
Monday recent actions by council member Rabbi Eliezer Waldman and Rabbi
Moshe Levinger, Yediot Achronot reported [Waldman has stated that it is
against Torah for a Jewish solider to take part in the evacuation of Hevron
(see F.Y.I. 12-28-96). Levinger criticized Chief of Staff Lt.-Gen. Amnon
Lipkin-Shahak for not bringing to the attention of the political echelon
the dangers Hevron's Jews will face as a result of the redeployment
agreement.-ed]. The meeting was called by Gush Etzion Council Chairman
Shilo Gal, who said that those who call on soldiers to disobey orders have
no place on the settler council. A number of other council members are
furious about the comments Levinger made. Chief Rabbi Yisrael Meir Lau
stated that all IDF soldiers must comply with orders and they may not
comply with recent statements made by prominent Rabbinical leaders calling
for soldiers not to obey orders that contradict Torah Law. Rabbi Lau stated
the soldiers are not to differentiate between one order and another and
must carry out their duty. In regard to condemning the Rabbinical leaders
for their statements, Rabbi Lau stated they have the right to express their
views and he does not see it fitting to condemn them for this. Rabbi Lau
was reacting to statements made by Rabbi Waldman and Rabbi Eliezer Melamed,
the Dean of the Har Bracha Hesder Yeshiva, that a soldier cannot be
expected to violate the highest authority, Torah Law. Rabbi Melamed was
also referring to the possibility of orders being given to evacuate areas
or evict Jews from areas in Israel. (Channel 2 TV News, SNS, Israel Line,
MED)

POPE TO APOLOGIZE FOR ANTI-SEMITISM: Vatican officials said Sunday that the
Pope had instructed a new historical-theological commission to examine the
persecution and torture of Jews by the Inquisition in 15th-century Spain
and to tackle the issue of the sometimes ambivalent attitude of Catholics
toward the Nazi elimination of Jewish populations in occupied Europe during
the Second World War. Mgr Rino Fisichella, vice- chairman of the new
commission, said it would hold two international symposiums on
anti-Semitism in the autumn. The meetings, to be held in the Vatican, would
involve clergy, lay people and academic experts, and would confront the
often painful issues of Jewish- Catholic relations "without
preconceptions". The aim was for the Church to seek pardon for past
mistakes. But many Jewish leaders remain dissatisfied with Vatican
statements on the Holocaust. They also want a clear Vatican condemnation of
the failure of Pope Pius XII to denounce Nazi atrocities or to speak out
against the deportation of Jews from Rome itself during the German wartime
occupation. (LondonTimes, MED)

KNESSET CONDEMNS SWISS: Sharp condemnations of the Swiss government and
banking system were heard Monday at the first session of the new Knesset
committee dealing with the return of Jewish property stolen during the
Holocaust. Yisrael Singer, among the leaders of the World Jewish Congress
(WJC), promised to wage a bitter struggle to return the stolen property,
similar to those waged against the Soviet Union and against Austrian
President Kurt Waldheim. MK Avraham Poraz (Meretz) said that the
establishment of the Knesset committee would enable Israel to take strong
measures against Switzerland that the government would otherwise be unable
to take.

In another story, the World Jewish Congress and the Jewish Agency
threatened the Swiss banking community Monday with a series of measures
including boycotts, disinvestment campaigns and class action suits in
answer to a statement by the former Swiss president which Jewish leaders
said verged on anti- semitism. Outgoing Swiss president Jean-Pascal
Delamuraz described a call by the WJC for a $250 million compensation fund
for Jews who might be entitled to money left in Swiss banks as blackmail.
The WJC, he said, would wait for a month to hear a disclaimer of
Delamuraz's remarks from the Swiss government and the Swiss banking
community before taking action, he said. Delamuraz himself is no longer the
president of Switzerland but has assumed the crucial position of finance
minister. The pension funds of New York municipal workers, totalling
billions of dollars, could reportedly be withdrawn from Swiss banks. On
Tuesday, tensions between Jewish organizations heightened following a
meeting between Jewish Agency Chairman Avraham Burg and Swiss Ambassador
Pierre Monod. The Ambassador, who had requested the meeting, told Burg that
the former Swiss President does not intend to apologize for the anti-
Semitic remarks he made last week.

In a further development, the Swiss Government announced on Tuesday that it
is willing to immediately begin talks on establishing a foundation for
Holocaust survivors and their beneficiaries. The government said that it
has begun an exhaustive effort in order to corroborate Swiss policy before,
during and after World War II. Swiss Foreign Minister Flavio Cotti spoke
with Foreign Minister David Levy on Tuesday by telephone, saying that he
would act to correct the injustice done by former Swiss President
Jean-Pascal Delamuraz's statement.

Meanwhile, Foreign Minister David Levy told the Knesset plenum Wednesday
that Switzerland is trying to hide its collaboration with the Nazis. The
fact that the Swiss parliament decided to reveal secret documents indicates
conscience pangs or fear of history's judgement, he said. He called on
Delamuraz to "unequivocally take back" his charge of blackmail. "We have no
argument with the Swiss people. We are concerned with one thing:
discovering the truth of the biggest robbery in human history," Levy said.
Levy warned against a boycott of Swiss banks which he said could destroy
relations with Switzerland and noted that there was almost no European
country that did not take part in "the evil crime."

Shares of Switzerland's three largest banks fell Monday on the Zurich stock
exchange by 0.6-2.9%. Union Bank of Switzerland shares fell 1.9%. Swiss
Bank, the second largest bank in Switzerland, declined 0.6% while Credit
Suisse shares dropped 2.9%. The declines are considered sharp ones, both in
terms of the Swiss capital market, and in terms of bank shares. Traders in
Zurich told news agencies the drops resulted indirectly from threats on the
part of Jewish organizations. These include public action in the US against
the North American subsidiaries of the Swiss banks renewing their
partnership licenses, revealing numerous documents concerning cooperation
between the banks of Switzerland and Nazi Germany, and attempts to
influence pension funds and other publicentities, primarily in the US, to
withdraw deposits from Swiss banks.

As of this publication date, there has been no disclaimer, rejection or
apology made by any member of the Swiss government for the statements made
by the out-going president. (Arutz Sheva, MED, Jerusalem Post, Globes,
Israel Line)

LIKUD AND LABOR PRESENT GUIDELINES FOR FINAL AGREEMENT: Likud and Labor
Knesset Members who are discussing guidelines for a permanent status
agreement with the Palestinians began phrasing a joint document that will
be submitted to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Labor Chairman MK
Shimon Peres, Ha'Aretz reported. At the beginning of the meeting,
discussion leaders Likud MK Michael Eitan and Labor MK Yossi Beilin
presented the draft document. In some of the more problematic sections, two
versions are included to satisfy different parties. The main points
include:

* A demilitarized Palestinian entity will be established. Two
classifications for the entity's status are given because of the
disagreement between the two parties. The Labor version: "State subject to
limitations." The Likud version: "Expanded autonomy."

* Palestinian residents of eastern Jerusalem in Arab neighborhoods will
receive a status in the municipal framework that will enable their shared
responsibility in the management their lives in the city.

* Palestinian recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital in return for
Israeli recognition of the government center of the Palestinian Authority,
which will be located within the borders of the Palestinian entity and
outside of Jerusalem's municipal boundaries. The Abu-Dis neighborhood is
one of the possible ideas for the location of such a Palestinian capital.

* There will not be a return to the borders of 1967.

* A majority of Jewish settlements in the territories will be annexed to
Israel. Those settlements not under Israeli sovereignty will not be
dismantled and residents will be able to retain Israeli citizenship.

Meanwhile, the residents of the Jordan Valley have expressed anger at the
framers of the Beilin-Eitan working paper, according to which Israel will
not have sovereignty over the Jordan Valley. Leaders of the Jordan Valley
communities said that they would wage a "tireless struggle" against it. MK
Eitan told Arutz Sheva Thursday that the Likud cannot hope for better
terms, given the current political and international situation. He said, "I
am not the same Mickey Eitan that I was before the elections, and neither
is Binyamin Netanyahu the same person that he was before the elections."

In another story, MK Ehud Barak (Labor) has called upon the government to
significantly reduce the pace at which the Oslo accords are implemented.
Barak said that this is in the mutual interests of both the Israelis and
the Palestinians, because they both require extra time to adjust to the new
situations that are developing. The former Chief of Staff, who is the front
runner to head the Labor party after its internal elections later this
year, said that rushing to the permanent-status talks can only lead to an
explosion of the entire agreement, because issues such as Jerusalem will
not be able to be resolved. (Israel Line, Arutz Sheva)

A GUIDE TO IMPORTANT DATES IN OSLO REDEPLOYMENTS: The Palestinian Council
held its inaugural meeting on March 7, 1996. All dates in [brackets] did
not appear in the original Agreement. According to the terms of the
Israeli-Palestinian Interim Agreement On The West Bank And The Gaza Strip -
signed in Washington on September 28, 1995, "further redeployments of
Israeli military forces to specified military locations will take place in
phases as follows:

Phase 1 - Six months after the inauguration of the Council [September 7, 1996].

Phase 2 - Twelve months after the inauguration of the Council [March 7, 1997].

Phase 3 - Eighteen months after the inauguration of the Council [September
7, 1997]. [Annex I, Appendix 1, Paragraph B].

The Agreement does not require that the Palestinian Authority agree to the
extent of the Phase 1 and 2 redeployments. Taken to an extreme, a one
millimeter redeployment would constitute compliance with the Agreement.

There is no limit on either the number or size of the "locations". "The
specified military locations...will be determined in the further
redeployment phases, within the specified time-frame ending not later than
18 months from the date of the inauguration of the Council [September 7,
1997], and will be negotiated in the permanent status negotiations."
[Article XI, Subparagraph 2f].

"During the further redeployment phases to be completed within 18 months
from the date of the inauguration of the Council, powers and
responsibilities relating to territory will be transferred gradually to
Palestinian jurisdiction that will cover West Bank and Gaza Strip
territory, except for the issues that will be negotiated in the permanent
status negotiations." [Article XI, Subparagraph 2e].

"Permanent status negotiations will commence...not later than May 4, 1996,
between the Parties. It is understood that these negotiations shall cover
remaining issues, including: Jerusalem, refugees, settlements, security
arrangements, borders, relations and cooperation with other neighbors, and
other issues of common interest." [Article XXXI, Paragraph 5].

The Palestinian Interim Self-Government Authority functions only "for a
transitional period not exceeding five years from the date of signing the
Agreement on the Gaza Strip and the Jericho Area (hereinafter "the
Gaza-Jericho Agreement") on May 4, 1994, leading to a permanent settlement
based on Security Council Resolutions 242 and 338." [May 4, 1999]
[Preamble]. So the effective deadline for concluding negotiations is May 4,
1999.

The agreement therefore establishes a period of almost 20 months between
the last phase of the redeployment on September 7, 1997 and the deadline
for concluding negotiations on May 4, 1999. During this period, Israel has
already transferred almost all authority to the Palestinian Authority and
its forces are withdrawn to the "specified military locations."

The phrase "except for the issues that will be negotiated in the permanent
status negotiations" appears repeatedly throughout the agreement. In
remains unclear how broadly the issues of settlements and security
arrangements can be interpreted in order to limit the transfer of
authority.

While the Agreement claims that: "Nothing in this Agreement shall prejudice
or preempt the outcome of the negotiations on the permanent status to be
conducted pursuant to the DOP. Neither Party shall be deemed, by virtue of
having entered into this Agreement, to have renounced or waived any of its
existing rights, claims or positions." [Article XXXI, Paragraph 6] - the
stated intention of the Israeli framers of the Agreement was to make the
"peace process" irreversible by presenting the Israeli public with a fait
accompli - a Palestinian state covering the West Bank and Gaza with the
Israeli settlements isolated islands. Under those conditions it should come
as no surprise that Shimon Peres maintained that these isolated Israeli
settlements would not be a problem in the final negotiations. (IMRA)

'DROUGHT YEAR' IN ISRAEL: The ongoing drought in Israel continues to cause
anxiety. Special prayer services will be held at the Western Wall and at
other locations throughout the country in light of the situation. Minister
of Agriculture Rafael Eitan has announced that he will ask the government
to officially declare this year a "drought year," despite the fact that
such a declaration is usually made only in February. Shalom Blier, head of
the Fruit Distribution Council, said that in addition to the lack of rain,
the unseasonably warm weather this winter has also caused great harm to the
fruit trees. 100,000 dunams (25,000 acres) of wheat fields in the south
will be totally ruined if at least 15-20 mm (.6-.8 inches) of rain does not
fall by next week, warns Dr. Avraham Blum of the Institute for Agricultural
Research. According to governmental and agricultural experts, approximately
one million dunams (250,000 acres) of farmlands have already been destroyed
bythe severe lack of rain. Experts explained that even if significant
rainfall were to begin, these fields can no longer be salvaged. According
to Meir Ben Meir, the Water Commissioner, if it does not rain any more this
year there are enough reserves of water to last Israel for a year. The
forecast for Thursday was: Partly cloudy. Rain in the north and center of
the country. (Arutz Sheva, Channel 2 TV News, SNS, Ha'Aretz, IMRA)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
FYI - Israel In The News
"For Zion's sake I will not keep silent, and for Jerusalem's sake I will
not keep quiet" Isaiah 62:1

Send comments and subscription requests to Lee Underwood at:
fellowship@inet-images.com
Web site: http://www.inet-images.com/fellowship/fyi.htm
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Christian Persicution in China

BEIJING - A Communist Party official has urged state controlled Protestant
churches to assist in restricting unauthorized Christian worship in China.

The People's Daily, the Communist party newspaper reported that Li Ruihuan,
who ranks number 4 in the party hierarchy, praised church members Friday
for "holding high the banner of patriotism and socialism" over the past 40
years.

China has been experiencing a religious revival over the past 15 years and
many Chinese have been drawn to churches outside of state control.

The government has blamed for secretly supporting the underground churches.
Pastors have been fined or jailed for refusing to shut down or register
their "house churches". Authorities have detained, harassed, and even
tortured believers.

Reported by the Associated Press, 1/5/97

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Mark of the Beast in Israel?
From: Arutz Sheva News Service
Monday, January 6, 1997 / Tevet 27, 5757

ONE NUMBER
Bezek Communications, Israel's telephone company, has announced a new
service called One Number. Under the new service, a person is assigned a
single telephone number, at which he can be reached at any time, place, and
telephone unit. When he arrives at work, for instance, he dials a code into
the phone unit in his office, and all phone calls to his personal number
will then be directed to that unit. The service, which is scheduled to
begin in March, is designed to alleviate the problem of one person having
three or four different telephone numbers: home, work, cellular phone, etc.
Bezek has announced that the first 100 people to sign up for the new
service will be able to choose their own seven-digit number.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Bio-Chip UIpdate

You Will Believe It
From: Ken Bright
KBRIGHT@voicenet.com

Ray, this was sent to me from a fellow I work with.  We've talked a lot
about prophecy while on the road together.  Last weekend I emailed him a
number of your mailings about Israel, Syria and other developments.  He
caught this on our local television station in Philadelphia.

FORWARD.....

While watching the news this morning (ABC 6 10:00 AM Sunday) the closing
news was on things to look foward to in the future, and guess what I saw on
TV? Yes, there are plans to inject each human being with a new bio-chip
that will give each person an ID number as well a credit history and much
more. The news reporter made it sound as if everyone should be getting in
line for it so as to beat the rush.  No thanks, I think I'll pass.

END........

Do you belive they think we're stupid enough to volunteer to be marked. I'm
sure the masses will be fighting for there's.

The masses are being conditioned for the MARK is ever more blatant ways.  I
can just hear the commercials during the Tribulation.  "The Mark: You won't
leave home without it."

-Ken Bright, Mt. Laurel, NJ.
Time is short.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Jerusalem Not For Sale
(SNS News Service - Shomron-Israel) In a poll published on Sunday, it was
learned that 80% of the Israeli population object to any negotiations
regarding the future of Jerusalem. 45% of the participants in the survey
are willing to negotiate with the PLO Authority regarding control of Arab
areas (Shuafat and Bet Hanina are two examples mentioned) surrounding the
nation's capital.

The poll was conducted from a time period beginning with September of 1995
until December 1996, by Dr. Shulamit Levy and Professor Eliyahu Katz from
the Gutman Institute together with Dr. Jerome Segal of Maryland University
in the United States.

In addition, there is strong opposition among Israelis regarding the
establishment of a Palestinian State, although 78% of those interviewed
feel it is inevitable. (Yediot Achronot Newspaper..1/6).

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


PLO AUTHORITY GEMS FOR CHRISTMAS PILGRIMS
Compiled by Patrick Goodenough

Pilgrims and tourists visiting Bethlehem at Christmas were handed packages
by the PLO Authority's Ministry of Information, outlining the PA's views on
various political matters. Some of the more breathtaking quotes from the
documents follow (grammatical errors in the original have not been edited
out):

"The most distinctive [holy] sites are the Al Aqsa Mosque, the Dome of
Rock, Omar Mosque, the Church of Gethsemane, the Church of Holy Sepulchre,
and Al Boraq wall (name of the creature on which Prophet Mohammad made his
ascension to heaven), which is called by Jews the "Wailing Wall".

"Some orthodox Jews consider it [the Western Wall] as a holy place for
them, and claim that the wall is part of their temple, which all historic
studies and archaeological excavations have failed to find any proof for
such a claim."

"Following this unilateral and illegal decision [to reunite Jerusalem],
consecutive Israeli governments stepped up measures to juadise the city in
an attempt to obliterate the Arabic and Islamic features of Jerusalem."

"Hebron is one of the most important and oldest cities in Palestine's
history dating back to more than 6 000 years ago ... Hebron was occupied by
Israel in June 1967 and is still suffering under this long and cruel
occupation. Immediately after occupying the city, Israel started to forge
and implement a colonialist settling policy in this city."

"Since occupying [Bethlehem] in the 1967 war, Israel initiated a policy
aimed at emptying the city from its original inhabitants, Muslims and
Christians alike ... the Israeli leaders adopted a sectarian policy aimed
at planting the seeds of dissension and intolerance among Christians and
Muslims ... Israel has employed for this purpose collaborators to nurture
these poisonous concepts. Such Israeli attempts were doomed to failure in
front of the solid unity of the Palestinian population ..."

"The Islamic and Christian holy places were desecrated by settlers and
soldiers in complete defiance to the sanctity of these places and in
violation to international conventions pertaining to freedom of worship and
religion."

"Palestine is a land of peace, as no peace will be blessed and established
except the just and permanent peace, peace for all, peace in Palestine ...
we the Palestinians, being the inhabitants of this land since the dawn of
history, are marking Christmas as a national holiday shared by Christians
all over the world ... we welcome you to Palestine, to Bethlehem, the city
of Christ."

*****
Stan Goodenough
Middle East Intelligence Digest
PO Box 1192
Jerusalem 91010
ISRAEL
Tel: ..972.2.5631418
Fax: ..972.2.5631062

email: meid@icej.org.il

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

CYBER-BIBLE TRANSMITS GOD'S WORD TO FORBIDDEN CORNERS
Arabic Scriptures go on-line
URL http://www.gospelcom.net/ibs/bibles/arabic/
From: The International Bible Society, Colorado Springs, CO.

Colorado Springs, CO: International Bible Society, with the help of modern
technology, is now carrying God's Word to places where an open Bible could
result in political ostracism or outright persecution As part of a
commitment to make Scripture available in any way possible, the complete
Arabic Bible was added to IBS' internet services in December. A recording
of the Gospel of John and the Book of Acts is available in Arabic through
the ministry's homepage.

Earlier this year, the 187-year-old Bible translator and publisher launched
into cyberspace to make God's Word accessible for thousands around the
world. Whether visiting IBS' homepage from corporate sites where Christian
witness is prohibited, or private sites in countries where possession of a
Bible is strictly forbidden, individuals can access Scriptures easily and
privately on-line.

"The Internet is enabling us to reach people who might not have access to
our materials otherwise" said Dwight Anderson, IBS' internet and global
systems designer.

"We see from the increase in the early morning internet traffic that more
people are visiting our page from outside the United States. Many visitors
also mention that they begin their work day with, or take breaks by reading
God's Word on-line. "Some of the visitors are from countries where the
Bible is not readily available."

IBS' internet host, Gospel Communication Network and its Bible Gateway
pages are among the top two percent of web sites visited in the world,
according to Quentin Schultze, author of Internet for Christians. IBS' page
won a National Religious Broadcaster's Web Award for creativity in design,
richness in content and usefulness.

"We know that huge numbers of people around the world are spending hours
on-line," said IBS President, Lars Dunberg. "Many are those who would not,
or perhaps cannot, pick up a Bible to read."

Putting Scripture on-line demonstrates that the Bible is relevant to the
modern world.

"It's our intent by providing the Bible on-line to communicate the
centrality of God's Word to life regardless of delivery -- paper or
electronic media," Anderson continued. "We're simply giving people access
to the Bible so they can read and apply it to their daily lives."

As part of the GCN website, the Bible Gateway offers several Bible versions
and a 22,000-topic search function. Pastors and seminary professors visit
it regularly while preparing sermons or doing research.

During 1997, IBS plans to add Bible translations to the internet in the
following languages: Armenian, Croatian, Indonesian, Latvian, Macedonian,
Polish, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovakian, Thai, Ukrainian, Vietnamese
and more.

International Bible Society	email: ibs@gospelcom.net
1820 Jet Stream Drive	Voice: (719) 488-9200
Colorado Springs, CO 80921	http://www.gospelcom.net/ibs

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

News from Aussie / Despatch Magazine
By: W.B. Howard...
Director & Editor of Despatch Magazine

TV BROADCAST
St.Vincent Hospital in Melbourne, Aust. how has a computerised, mental
illness evaluation programme. It has been prepared by the World Health
Organization. On this programme, with no human beings (doctor etc.)
involved, people are evaluated to seeif they fit into the Internationally
accepted official, definition of being nentally ill or insane.

Despatch Comment...
This could mean that anyone not PC (politically Correct) re the NWO could
be declared insane by official definition.(appreciate any info from
overseas/comment)

......................................................

THE FOLLOWING ARTICLES ARE OF GREAT INTEREST TO THOSE EXPOSING THE LATTER
DAY ERRORS AND DECEPTIONS OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER.
By: W.B. Howard...
Director & Editor of Despatch Magazine

EXTRACT FROM THE DAILY TELEGRAPH - THURSDAY, JANUARY 2ND, 1997.
HEADING:FOREIGN TROOP TRAINING BOOMS - BY CHARLES MIRANDA. “Australia is
now the biggest regional training ground for foreign soldiers with new
figures showing more than 1000 Asian troops are being instructed here.

The Indonesian military tops the list with more than 120 personnel most
attached to training units from the elite Special Air Service Regiment.

According to figures obtained by The Daily Telegraph 1207 soldiers from
more than 30 nations are learning Australian military ways. The figures do
not include the hundreds of foreign military personnel based here full
time, including Americans in the Northern Territory and Queensland and
Singaporeans in Western Australia.

Malaysia has sent an average of 100 soldiers a year for specialist training
over the past five years. We are a regional force and have a high
expertise,particularly in technical training and are very attractive to
foreign defence forces, a defence spokesman said.

He said there was no suggestion of Australia giving away any strategy
secrets to a potential enemy.
After Indonesia, Australia's top defence training partners are the
Philippines, Thailand, Malaysia, Papua New Guinea and Cambodia.”

Despatch Comment...
(A) This article shows the odd build-up of foreign troops in Australia. As
we approach the New World Order's full emergence, and contemplate the
control systems which must be put in place to make the NWO's conquest
totalitarian, the troops here look very sinister indeed. Are we being used
as a amalgamation sector, training troops to enforce obedience to
International dictates on Asia and this Australasian region? It looks as
though this may well be the case!

......................................................

RABBIS GENETICALLY THE RIGHTFUL CHILDREN OF ISRAEL.
By: W.B. Howard...
Director & Editor of Despatch Magazine

Rabbis are the true children of Israel, possessing genetic characteristics
which may date back more than 3000 years, scientists say.

Biblical accounts say the Jewish priesthood was established about 3300
years ago with the appointment of the first Israelite high priest. To this
day, rabbis are chosen from the male members of families of priests,
ensuring the continuation of a strict patrilineal descent. Scientists have
now discovered that rabbis living as far apart as Israel, the United States
and Britain have chromosomes quite different from those of lay Jews,
suggesting a common origin. Karl Skorecki, from the Technion-Israel
Institute of Technology, Haifa, Israel, together with colleagues from
University College, London and the University of Arizona, compared the Y
chromosomes of 188 unrelated Jewish priests with those of a group of lay
Jews. Y chromosomes are inherited paternally and determine maleness. The
researchers found an element in their composition that was much more common
in lay Jews than in the rabbis.

This particular element, known as the Y alu polymorphic insert, is thought
to represent a unique evolutionary event between 29,000 and 340,000 years
ago. Only 1.5 percent of Y chromosomes among priests were YAP positive
compared with a frequency of 18.4 per cent in lay Jews.

The results were published in the science journal Nature. The authors
wrote: "We sought and found clear differences in the frequency of Y
chromosome haplo types between Jewish priests and their lay counterparts."

Despatch Comment...
(B)Of interest to Bible students who realise the place of Israel in
prophecy, the following article is indicative of the Rabbinical hierarchy's
astonishing claims of superiority in these days.

......................................................

 ARTICLE FROM DAILY TELEGRAPH, THURSDAY JANUARY 2, 1997.
TITLE -LIBERAL TOLD: JAIL IF TREES NOT PLANTED.
By: W.B. Howard...
Director & Editor of Despatch Magazine

A senior political official has been fined $10,000 and told he faces jail
after clearing a block of bushland to build his home on the banks of the
Georges River without council permission. Ian Maxwell Kolln, treasurer and
former president of the Liberal Party's Federal Conference for the seat of
Hughes has been ordered to replant the native trees cut down at his 1ha
property in Oyster Bay near Como.

Mr. Kolln, who was born on the property, was taken to the Land and
Environment Court after clearing 1000sq.m. The house was demolished 20
years ago and council claims it is now the last privately owned bush land
on the south side of the river. Mr. Kolln, who is also vice president of
the Liberal's Sutherland Shire Local Government Conference and a 20-year
party member, wanted to build his home, but did not wait for the July,
1995, application to be approved.

After council took him to court, he was told to replace a standstone ledge,
remove weeds, stop soil erosion and plant trees. But on December 13 this
year,the court found Mr. Kolln had not done the work in the required time
and to the required standard. The court has told him he must now reapply
within three months, proving he has done the required work to stop him
being arrested and sent to jail for contempt.

Mr. Kolln said he had been persecuted by officers of Sutherland Shire
Council, whom he claimed took more than six months to approve a simple
building. The case had virtually bankrupted him, costing at least $70,000.

Despatch Comment....
(C) The environmental eco-terrorism is growing stronger here in Australia,
note the bankrupting of this man for clearing a block of land, and threats
of jail! Note the "Land and Environmental Court".

W.B. Howard...Director & Editor of Despatch Magazine Endtime
Ministries/Christian Resource Center [pub.Q'rtly.Despatch mag.],  which
exposes the Infiltration of the N.A.N.W.O.  in our Churches and Society in
General.

Visit our Aussie site: http://distant.brisnet.org.au/despatch/

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

IRIS Update
By: Leiah and Jason Elbaum

PLO says to "firmly confront with all possible means"

BBC World Service radio reports (14 December, 2000 GMT) that the
Palestinian Authority issued a statement Friday night calling on
Palestinians to "firmly confront with all possible means" Israel's moves to
strengthen Jewish communities in Judea and Samaria ("the West Bank") and
Gaza. The call was the PA's response to the Israeli government's decision
on Friday to classify the Jewish settlements as "areas of national
priority," providing tax benefits and financial incentives to their
residents. Israel's move came in the wake of Wednesday's drive-by terrorist
shooting in which Ita Tzur and her son Efraim were killed.

It should be noted that the Israel-PLO accords do not bar Israel from
supporting the settlements, and that the accords protect their status until
at least May 1999.

.........................

PA Security Forces Want Missles

Time magazine cites Israeli intelligence in reporting (16 December) that
Yasser Arafat's security forces are working to obtain antitank and
antiaircraft missiles, weapons which are forbidden to the Palestinian
Authority under the Israel-PLO agreements. The PA desires such weaponry in
case of a repeat of September's shooting war which began when PA soldiers
opened fire on Israeli troops. The fighting stopped only after Israel
threatened to use tanks and combat helicopters. The new weapons would
strengthen the PA's response to such threats.

Palestinian security officials, says Time, admit that they have dozens of
LAW antitank missiles which have been confiscated from or donated by local
Islamic groups.

.........................

Reuter's reports (9 December) that an internal memo has warned Palestinian
security forces to prepare for a confrontation against Israeli soldiers.
"We call on all security forces to prepare for the worst possibilities. We
have to be prepared at all levels without any exceptions because the battle
is to be or not to be," said the memo issued last Monday by the Palestinian
National Forces.

"We are not waiting for any positive things from the current Israeli
government and from the occupation forces in general. We have to wait and
see the Israeli military measures and to be warned against any
confrontation," it said.

Gaza commander Maj.-Gen. Abdel Razek al-Majaideh dismissed the memo,
saying, "There is no state of mobilization." He claimed it referred to the
possibility of disturbances by Arabs opposed to the Israel-PLO accords.
====

Leiah and Jason Elbaum
IRIS

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

FLASH NEWS from COMPASS DIRECT
Global News from the Frontlines

**********
EGYPTIAN AUTHORITIES CONTINUE TO HARASS RELEASED CONVERT
Former Muslim Accused of Attacking Security Policeman
By Barbara G. Baker

ISTANBUL, January 10 (Compass)--An Egyptian convert imprisoned for two
months this fall on charges of spreading Christian propaganda was sentenced
in early January to another three months in jail for allegedly striking and
injuring a security policeman.

The lawyer of former Muslim Mohammed Wajdi Mohammed Dura has confirmed that
his client immediately went into hiding to avoid arrest. Dura was not
present at the January 6 appeals hearing for this latest charge.

"This is just a ploy by the security police, commented defense lawyer
Morris Sadek. "There was no medical report or proof at the hearing, just
the complaint by the policeman. I donít know if he really hit that
policeman, because I have not been able to talk to [Dura] personally since
the incident. But I think this is just a plan to try to keep him in
prison."

Dura, who took the name Michael after his conversion to Christianity five
years ago, had been arrested twice in the past two years on claims he was
involved in anti-Islamic activities. When targeted last May in an Islamist
newspaper under the headline "Mohammed Becomes Michael,"he went into
hiding. Five months later, on October 3, Egyptian security police arrested
him at his home in Tanta.

According to Sadek, Dura has been under surveillance and harassment ever
since his release from the Tanta Prison north of Cairo on December 8. "His
case is not finished," Sadek told Compass. "These kinds of cases can go on
forever. He can never escape them bothering him."

Although Dura had to pay 500 LE ($150) as "guarantee money" for his
December 8 release, he was ordered to keep the security authorities
informed of his current address at all times, with the warning that he
could be subjected to interrogation, detention or further trial proceedings
at any time.

A few weeks later, Sadek said, Dura was picked up in Tanta by the police,
one of whom later filed a complaint against him for attacking him
physically. Under Egyptian law Dura would normally be sentenced to six
months in jail for such an offense. A panel of officials in a
tribunal-style "niyaba" court in North Cairo reduced the penalty to three
months at the January 6 hearing.

Dura was given written notice of the courtís decision, prompting him to go
into hiding to avoid police arrest, his lawyer said.

Under Egyptís "niyaba al-íamma"section of the Ministry of Justice, certain
magistry officials investigate and present charges in criminal court to
"protect the public interest" of the country. In effect this amounts to
almost unfettered authority to continue case investigations for years on
end, leaving defendants under ongoing intimidation without any legal
recourse.

"There are many cases similar to this," noted Sadek, who as a Coptic
Christian advocate active in human rights cases has represented a number of
former Muslims jailed and harassed by the State Security Investigation
(SSI) authorities over the past decade for converting to Christianity.

Dura had completed his university exams in Cairo a year ago and was
studying in an informal Bible school program at the time of his October
arrest.

**********
Compass Direct Flash News is distributed as available to raise awareness of
and encourage prayer for Christians worldwide who are persecuted for their
faith.

Compass Direct
PO Box 27250
Santa Ana CA 92799
USA
TEL: 714-418-9150
FAX: 714-531-2681

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


FLASH NEWS from COMPASS DIRECT
Global News from the Frontlines

**********
SOLDIERS DESTROY CHRISTIAN FARM AND CARE CENTER NEAR CAIRO
Unexpected Attack Shocks Coptic Community
by John Steward

ISTANBUL, January 14 (Compass)--Some 300 soldiers of the Egyptian army
sacked a Christian farm and center for disabled children 15 miles outside
Cairo on December 15. The armed men unexpectedly broke into the desert
reclamation project owned by Coptic Christians using four heavy army
trucks, a dumptruck and a huge bulldozer.

"It seems as if they were launching a war against us, but until now I can
not figure out the reason," said Ezzat Bishay, one of the project
supervisors. The soldiers assaulted Dr. Hany Fadel Abdel Mesih, the farm
veterinarian, when he tried to stop them.

"When I tried to bring the official papers for the project, an officer
ordered a soldier to confine me and my wife," Mesih said. "Then they began
kicking and beating me as if I were a criminal," he told reporters of the
independent weekly "Middle East Times." Egyptian censors have blocked
publication of the incident.

"They said that they came to demolish the cowshed, which they said was
built illegally on arable land. But the whole area is desert!"Mesih said.

Within two hours the armed soldiers ruined the site still under
construction. "We stood helpless. Every one of us was guarded by five
soldiers at least,"said engineer Adel Fahney. The attack resulted in about
$20,000 in damages.

"It is not a matter of money only, but the efforts that were exerted are
priceless,"Fahney commented. "The idea of starting [over] from the
beginning drives me crazy.î

"We have made an official complaint with the civil police, but until now we
have not received any official note concerning what they have done,"said
Mohsen Nagy, the senior supervisor of the project. The military police have
reportedly also started an investigation into the violent act, which is
incompatible with the official policy of the Egyptian government.

According to a January 11 news story in the Dutch daily newspaper
"Nederlands Dagblad,"Coptic Orthodox Bishop Botros filed an official
complaint about the destruction of the site. Although the land reclamation
project is formally owned by individual Egyptian Christians, they have
transferred its management to Bishop Botros, director of the Orthodox
Center for Religious Studies.

Ever since Bishop Botros founded the Cheerful Heart Center (CHC) for
mentally disabled children in 1993, his center has been erecting buildings
on the site, dubbed the Patmos compound. Apparently, however, all the
required government documents had not yet been obtained.

At present the CHC cares for 45 mentally handicapped children in a few
apartments scattered across Cairo, with another 145 children on the waiting
list. With 4 million mentally handicapped people in Egypt, the entire
country has only 2,000 institutions set up to help them.

Part of the plans for the Patmos compound was to provide at least some form
of education for 1,000 mentally disabled children, but Decemberís violent
attack proved a major setback to these plans.

Reportedly Bishop Botros had been troubled by soldiers from the nearby
military compound in the weeks previous to the actual attack, possibly
demanding money from the bishop. According to "Nederlands Dagblad,î
observers in Cairo believe that the order for sacking the farm and care
center came from this nearby military base, not from any Cairo officials.

"The fact that the authorities did not start any judicial procedures, but
that military violence was used, gives rise to the supposition that
anti-Christian feelings played a part in the attack as well,"the Dutch news
article noted. It was expected that only a thorough investigation would
clarify whether the incident was related to growing Islamic fundamentalism
within the Egyptian army.

In addition, local Copts expressed hope that the attack would prove to be
an isolated incident, rather than part of a systematic campaign of violence
such as they experienced a year ago, at the end of Ramadan, the Muslim
month of fasting.

Egyptís ancient Coptic Christian community, which goes back to the very
beginning of the Christian era, comprises an estimated 15 percent of the
countryís population. Although the prevailing Islamic environment has put
many restrictions on them, Coptic Christians still enjoy some degree of
freedom within the walls of their own churches.

**********
Compass Direct Flash News is distributed as available to raise awareness of
and encourage prayer for Christians worldwide who are persecuted for their
faith.

Compass Direct
PO Box 27250
Santa Ana CA 92799
USA
TEL: 714-418-9150
FAX: 714-531-2681

*****************************************************
The Final Word
By Ray Gano

We have seen in this issue how God has placed His signature in the Bible
and thus proving again to us that the Bible is truly the divine Word of
God.

So many people today are Biblically illiterate. I challenge you not to be
one of those who allow their ears to itch.

Paul tells us that in the last days people will turn from sound doctrine
and follow those who make them feel good or teach a false doctrine. It is
those who are Biblically illiterate that I see  will fall for these guys
and the traps laid by them. Please do not fall for this. Take the time to
start a quiet time with our Lord. As we have seen in this issue, the Bible
IS the Word of God. So in that we know that He does loves us (John 3:16)
and that he does not lie (Titus 1:2). So I encourage you to read the Word
daily. It will enrich your life like you have never known.

This is God's love letter to us, read it with the same excitement as you
would from a loved one writing to you.

Remember one of Paul's Bible prophecies or words of wisdom....this we do
see happening today.

2 Timothy 4:3
For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after
their own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, having itching
ears;

So until we meet here on this earth or in the clouds with our Lord...

Always in the service of Yeshua,
Ray Gano
Sr.Editor
PropheZine



