
.ili.   Devil Shat Three   .ili. 
--------------------------------


   You Just Have to Wonder ............................ by Morbus
   Two Points for Stupidity ........................... by Morbus


This is Devil Shat Three released on 05/07/97. Devil Shat is published
by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of the issues
are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

Asking myself the same questions over and over again.


----------------------------------- 
.ili. You Just Have To Wonder .ili. 
----------------------------------- by Morbus

As a whole, you just have to wonder. You just have to wonder how stupid
our society has become and is. Look around you. We have more high school
dropouts then ever which can easily be combatted by saying we have more
kids that stay in college. Which in essence is true. But in general, we
are having more kids. We are also having more abortions, but then you 
need to wonder why people feel that by blowing up an abortion clinic
that they have earned a point for life. A point for life? They shoot two
people (and wounding others) and yet they feel that they are justified.
They feel that they have done their society a great deed.

We have to wonder about where hero worship is going. Sure, there was a
bomb at the Olympics. And sure, that security guard saved people from
dying. What a hero. Tomorrow we will talk about how our "hero" is the
number one suspect. We worship him because we need some sort of
assertion that there are good people in the world. And then when we find
there is no criminal, instead of looking for one, the public demands one
immediately. Someone who they can hate and scorn. So they turn to they're
"hero". He is the enemy now, and hey, should it matter? He is as
expendable as anyone else in this world.

We look around and say, "Hey! Condemn California for legalizing
marijuana!" and yet many parents still don't tell their 7 years old
about, so blind in their security that it couldn't happen so young.

We watch the TV, and we see death and we change the channel. Oh, we
don't change it because we are mortified by it, no, we change it because
we have seen it all before. We have become so desensitized to the
massive death that we see on the news that we are merely bored by it. We
seem to, rather rejoice in the fact that we can watch NYPD Blue, watch
someone get shot, go to the hospital (nary showing a bit of blood) and
then come out fine, just in time for the next episode. We know people 
who complain because they are spending $30 a week on cigarettes and that
it's gonna kill them. Big deal. We all know a government who spends $430
billion to KILL ALL OF US! You see, we need to stop accepting things for
being face value. We need to stop mindlessly nodding our heads and
saying "Yes, that's the way" when we know it isn't. You just need to 
wonder.


------------------------------------ 
.ili. Two Points for Stupidity .ili. 
------------------------------------ by Morbus

Why is it we are so attracted to face value? "Don't judge a book by
its cover" I could sit here and type questions all day: why do we
constantly ignore wisdom passed down through the ages, why do we judge
first and then ask questions later, why are we so damned irrational? Do
you want to know how many people emailed back and complained that they
were christian or mormon or so forth? Look, folks. I respect your
religion (which a lot of you won't believe) and I am glad you are firm
in your beliefs. But, you're beliefs are not in contest for this zine.
Nor are they being challenged. As a matter of fact, this zine has had
nothing to do with religion since it has been released, or since it was
in the planning stages. And it doesn't plan to.

People just need to get past the title of Devil Shat. What does Devil
Shat mean? Which is another thing that confused me. People email me or
IM me and they ask me "What is it? What is it?" My first response is
"did you read it?" Do you know how many people said "no"? As many people
that thought it was a religious bashing zine. Why can't people do a
little thinking on their own, a little research on their own? And more
importantly... can people at least attempt to judge with a little
background on the subject? I guess not. I'll be intensely curious as to
how many similar responses for this issue now that I've explained my
feelings about it. Ah twell.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.
   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Subscribe Devil Shat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Unsubscribe Devil Shat   
------------------------------------------------------------------------
