
.ili.   Devil Shat Thirty One   .ili.
-------------------------------------


   What Would Jesus Do? ............................... by Morbus
   Rape, Again? ....................................... by Morbus
   Discordia's Opinion Changes Rarely .............. by Discordia


This is Devil Shat Thirty One released on 07/16/98. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

Getting stuff done... getting stuff done.


--------------------------------
.ili. What Would Jesus Do? .ili.
-------------------------------- by Morbus

Have you seen these words floating around your curio shops lately? "What
Would Jesus Do?" stenciled onto bracelets, written onto shirts,
white-outed on the back of bookbags. Some colorful, some serious. All a
piece a crap, intent on making a quick dollar off a fickle God-lover.

But, I suppose, if I look at it neutrally, it's a great marketing
scheme. I mean, what better way to remind people that they should be
kind, and like their savior? However, I think it is stupid for two main
reasons:

a) Are we constantly supposed to be reminded that we are not perfect?
And why the hell should we try? We know we won't be perfect, so why
should we care what someone else would do? Would you want to go around,
and be constantly reminded by your sister (who knows you are trying to
get into some elite club headed by a guy named Rocky) whenever you try
to do something: "What would Rocky do?" Why try to attain something
which we won't ever accomplish? Jesus was perfect, he made all the
perfect decisions. By trying to question what his actions would be, we
try to make ourselves in his image, we try to make ourselves perfect.
That's egotistical and sacrilegious. I can't wait until fights start
breaking out over people's opinions about what Jesus would do.

b) What would Jesus Do? He'd probably run his holy ass into some cave
and wonder what the hell that box is with the moving pictures. Being
literal and deliberately funny, Jesus wouldn't know what the hell to do
in our society. Sure, he would definitely try to understand and make
everyone all kind hearted... but he'd probably be murdered in about two
minutes by the guy down on Verner and Junction. Go read "J.C. in L.A."
by Willy Werby. Great book about Jesus coming into our times.

I think a "What Would Morbus Do?" pin would be a much better indication
that you are ready to THINK instead of ready to THINK YOU'RE PERFECT.


------------------------
.ili. Rape, Again? .ili.
------------------------ by Morbus

A couple of issues ago, I dealt with the topic of rape. Rape happens,
it's a unlikable fact of life. What, however, should the punishment be
for such crimes? One man who has already been convicted of rape and
sexual harassment suggested having their penis removed and many rapers
have agreed. Should they be given that choice? Isn't this America? Or do
we consider that maybe having a penis is not the problem?

What would stop Joe Two-tone from grabbing a carrot (a la "Jack Frost")
and going around raping women with a vegetable? What would stop him from
constantly phoning a ladies' house, waking up her kids, or throwing
rocks at all her windows? And repeating it each time they are replaced.

Yes, rape comes in the form of sexual intrusion. What about mind-rape?
Will Joe Two-tone stop his ways simply because he has lost his favorite
weapon? There are thousands of different kinds of knives, just as there
could be thousands of different methods of rape. What about
partner-rape? Maybe Two-tone has a friend on the outside... he holds the
girl still and stops her from screaming, and Bobby goes at it.

Sure... America breeds choice, smog, hatred, choice, hot dogs, and
baseball. America also breeds SHORTCUTS. We don't try to solve the
problems we have... we either modify them slightly (missing penis), or
forget about them entirely (lock him up). Cutting off a penis may work
for some people... but every so often, even your cat or dog has a hump
at your blanket or leg. What would stop humans, merely a step up in the
evolution process, from doing the exact same thing?


----------------------------------------------
.ili. Discordia's Opinion Changes Rarely .ili.
---------------------------------------------- by Discordia

This opinion is about women, body image and aging. I was flipping
through channels one sunday afternoon and landed on a channel with track
and field sports. A woman was being interviewed, she had just won a
race. What was the first thing the interviewer asked her? It was
something along the lines of: "How could you possibly win that race at
your age? Being a ripe thirty-year-old?!!" I almost died! THIRTY?! Just
what kind of message does that send to society?

"Better kill yourselves now gals! In a few years you will be worthless.
Those of you who are already over the age of 29, I'm so sorry, but we'll
have to kill you."

Give me a break!

This woman was in top physical condition! More so than me, even though I
am getting on in years (I am 24). It really bites my ass how media
undermines women who are over the age of 30, and how amazing it is to
society that some women actually accomplish something beyond their
teenaged/early-adult years. Thousands upon thousands of advertisements
make us self-conscious about one little wrinkle, or if our breasts are
not squeezed together to look like an ass, large and perky at the same
time. Or if we don't weigh 98 pounds at five-feet-eleven and have
plastic barbie-doll bodies. It is sick when American society tells women
that they should only be active members when they are young, and do
nothing when they are old. AND WOMEN BUY INTO IT.

Why? Why?!

Plastic surgery, Wrinkle creams, Make-up, "I can't believe it's a
girdle!" girdle, Geratol, Ensure, Stop it! I don't know which is worse,
the messages or the people who buy into them.

I propose that women unite and change the current norm that tells us
what we should and should not be, at any age.

To begin... get real women into the media. Not many people realize that
most of the images we see in magazines and television advertisements are
all computer enhanced, manipulated to look like there are actually
people like that in existence! Hate to break it to ya, but Cindy
Crawford's thighs on the covers of Cosmopolitan are airbrushed to look
thinner. Some of the women on the covers of fashion magazines are mere
Frankenstein monsters, a nose from one woman here, a different eye
there, enlarge the lips, lengthen the legs.

Please, someone out there with money make a magazine with models of all
shapes and sizes and ages. Take them off the streets, out of the office
buildings, supermarkets, households... I want REALITY.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Subscribe Devil Shat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Unsubscribe Devil Shat   
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
