
.ili.   Devil Shat Forty Six   .ili.
------------------------------------


   Hermit Vs. Society ................................. by Morbus
   Air Jordan Grounded; Stock Market Plunges ........ by AnmlWzdm

   
This is Devil Shat Forty Six released on 02/11/99. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

1 out of 270 MODs are good. Trust me.


------------------------------
.ili. Hermit Vs. Society .ili.
------------------------------ by Morbus

Hermits are one of those groups of people that we talk about with a
smile on the face, and wishful thinking in the heart. Sure, the world
thinks they're crazy and different (strangely enough, much like we label
suicides), but damn, wouldn't it be great to live alone, with no one to
bother you, and not a care in the (real) world?

Yet, we seem to think that to be a happy and sane human you must be a
part of society - gleefully indulging in the day to day task of making
money and pleasing other people. We think that the "mountain-men" are
the crazies of society, much like we think hobo's are its dirt. And
we're happy with that -- because we've been built to disregard what
other people think... happy to bunch our security blanket around our "in
the know" shoulders.

Have you ever wondered that the so-called "mountain-men" and hermits are
the ones in their right minds? Hell, they have not a care in the world!
They merely enhance a skill called "Survival". Not any old survival,
though. We all know to survive in our world of scrapers - it's dog eat
dog. You don't piss off the boss, but you do whatever you can behind the
boss's back to take her place. Hermits, on the other hand, believe in
bear eat human.

I've heard people call hermits unnatural and crazy and label them as
being on a social level lower than normal. Why can't we just except that
there are people who simply do not like the way we live and instead live
in a way acceptable to them? Grizzly Adams was a prime example, but we
can then call hermits crazy because they talk to animals. Animals
listen, are more peaceful, don't talk back until they hear the whole
story, and don't hold grudges. Seems like an ideal example for humans to
take after.

Are hermits really unnatural? I've heard classes being taught that man
is a social race: without society, a human cannot live. Like science, we
explain dissidents to our examples with either ignorance or "they're
crazy".

That's just our way... and it seems, that's just fine.


-----------------------------------------------------
.ili. Air Jordan Grounded; Stock Market Plunges .ili.
----------------------------------------------------- by AnmlWzdm

Try as I might, I can't seem to find a way to lament or grieve the end
of another millionaire ballchaser. Michael Jordan's feats and
accomplishments on the basketball court are praiseworthy, in that he has
excelled in his chosen field. Granted, in my years of paying both close
and cursory attention, I've never witnessed a more athletically gifted,
graceful human animal. Beyond that, he also seems like a humble-ish and
friendly person.

But balls to all that! At a time when the global psyche is enduring the
horror and violence that wealth breeds, it feels beyond me to devote
mental or emotional energy to the alleged 'loss' of another icon of
greed. To pay lip - service to the "great unwashed" and their sufferings,
while collecting their cash for tickets, t-shirts, $150 sneakers, and
other trademarked wallet liners is at best, hypocritical, and at worst,
indefensibly cruel. People in the U.S., and all around the globe,
willingly crack the piggy bank to fuel the machine that keeps them poor,
and for that price, get to walk around as mobile billboards for the
ultimate shoe, or the Team-of-Choice, Inc.

The Church of Sport (a subsidiary of the religion of Celebrity)
encourages us to align ourselves with the Winners and Losers, and invest
our identities and our money into the doings of what are, at the base of
it all, entertainers and their production companies. Perhaps a
disclaimer can be added at the start of every telecast: Warning! What
you are about to witness really doesn't matter a whole hell of a lot in
the grand scheme of things! ...but enjoy!

So as genocide rolls over Kosovo, Zimbabwe, and others, and the slow
burn of suffering and wanting permeates an over-populated planet, we
focus our attention on such pivotal occurrences as the retirement of a
millionaire entertainer, and throw a week's pay worth of roses at his
feet. Or we focus our vast resources on investigating Oval sex and the
shocking revelation of lying amongst politicians.  When another
privileged princess unexpectedly dies, or some other "crucial"
entertainer decides to retire as a young person due to a "lack of
challenge", we can all chat about the horrible sense of loss during our
15 minute breaks, and plan which piece of memorabilia we'll buy once the
children are fed.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Subscribe DevilShat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Unsubscribe DevilShat
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
