
.ili.   Devil Shat Forty Three   .ili.
--------------------------------------


   Happy Done-That Year Two ........................... by Morbus

 
This is Devil Shat Forty Three released on 12/31/98. Devil Shat is
published by Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of
the issues are archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

Do it, Baby. Do it, Baby. Burn like an animal!


------------------------------------
.ili. Happy Done-That Year Two .ili.
------------------------------------ by Morbus

Wow... we've been together for almost a year and a half now. If I didn't
feel like I've accomplished something, I wouldn't be writing this. I
wouldn't acknowledge the length of time that we have been sharing ideas,
comments, and rants. Nor would I be doing it on such a day as this: the
day before Happy Done-That Year Two.

See... twelve months ago, I introduced something called Happy Done-That
Year. The first thing that comes to mind when I read something like this
is: "Oh, look, another guy trying to appear important by christening a
day". 'Tis true: Happy Done-That Year ranks right up there with National
Safety Day and Be Kind To Beavers Day (shouldn't we always?). I'll also
be the first to admit it sounds pretty stupid too.

But it differs slightly. Mainly, it's a whole year. Yes, that's right!
Not only can you appreciate the humor of the Be Kind To Beavers Day, but
you can also wonder, each and every day, how you could have ever lived
without knowing... knowing that everything you have done, you've done
before.

As much as you change jobs, get a new computer, marry someone and move
into a new home, there is very little which you aren't repeating. Sure,
you've changed jobs... yet you've had one before. You've either gotten a
job you don't like (which is the similarity with why you're changing
jobs in the first place) or you've gotten a job which you love, probably
because it hits close to home with things you enjoy doing... only now
you're getting paid for it.

And yeah, you can get a new computer, but what can you really do that's
different? I got a new computer about six months ago, and I pulled out
all of my demo CDs from which I installed that "great" game that I
couldn't play on my old machine. Turned out the game sucked, and got old
rather quickly. I ran to the Internet for my "newness", finally
downloading the RealPlayer since I had a fast enough processor. And you
know what? Besides being able to listen to other people's prank phone
calls, it ain't that great. It becomes another worthless plugin for a
browser - one that opens and gives something you knew you wouldn't care
about... but being a sadistic little motherfucker, you just HAD to click
on the link anyways.

So you've married, eh? Well, if you're smart (which I know is assuming a
lot), you've probably spent lots of time with this person. You know who
the person is, why you love 'em, and their own little peculiarities which
make them who they are. You've probably slept with them, whether it be
sexually or not, and you are firmly entrenched in the idea that you can
live with them for the rest of your life. Either way, the only new you
will ever learn is the fact that some stupid little red bear which has
been hanging in your room for a month belongs to some other guy. Sure,
it annoys you, but you "understand"... they were "only friends" (ugh,
this is hitting too close to home).

Love your new home that you just bought? Maybe it's your first new
location, maybe you've been moving all your life. The novelty lasts only
as long as the boxes remain packed. Eventually, you'll have packaged
your new toy in the comfort of normalcy: the favorite TV and couch, the
pictures of grandpa, the dog who has plenty of new things to scratch.
You'll settle, and within a year, it'll be the same as it ever was.

The same as it ever was.

Having grown up in a religion whose habit was to ignore holidays, New
Year's Day remains merely 24 hours... where I can go to the mall with my
loved one and walk around Filene's and have a private chuckle at the
huge line of apparel with those stupid 01-01-00 dates on them. Hats,
shoes, bags, shirts, pants, and hell! Even underwear! Yes, let your
penis bring in the new year!

With only one more year to the Millennium, we can only hope it'll be
arousing.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Subscribe DevilShat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: majordomo@disobey.com  BODY: Unsubscribe DevilShat
------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
