
.ili.   Devil Shat Six   .ili. 
------------------------------


   Prayer in School? .................................. by Morbus
   Pledge in School? .................................. by Morbus
   

This is Devil Shat Six released on 08/01/97. Devil Shat is published by
Disobey and is protected under all copyright laws. All of the issues are
archived at the Disobey website: http://www.disobey.com/

Submissions, email, and news should be sent to morbus@disobey.com. Your
comments are welcome. What do you want us to write about? Send an email
and let us know.

Aramahotep or something.


----------------------------- 
.ili. Prayer in School? .ili.
----------------------------- by Morbus

I received a story from a reader down in Florida concerning religion in
one of his schools. Apparently in Niceville, Florida, an administrator
and a teacher had taken it upon themselves to convert their school to
Christianity. The teacher would preach, while the administrator would
baptize students... all under the guise of a school club/organization.

But it didn't stop there. On Friday nights, they would hold a "revival"
in which kids would go and get "saved". Supposedly, kids would shake
from the holy spirit for a week afterward... The reader goes on to say
that it might have been the "cool" thing to do.

Now, whether this account is as true as related doesn't really matter. I
can see it happening in any town. But it does bring up an important
issue: religion in school. Or more specifically... prayer in school.

Does it really matter? Why do people make a big fuss over something as
silly as religion? I have read papers from restaurants in which it
prohibits people from having a beard UNLESS it is a documented religious
law/rule/whatever. So, say I get a beard cos my religion says I can,
wouldn't that single me out from all the other workers? Would other
employees hold hostility toward me cos I'm one of "them people"? Is this
favoring certain religions?

Now take it to school. If your religion says you should pray at 10:00
each day, but you're in school then you're outta luck. They have no pity
for you. If we look at the working environment though (supposedly
another religion free institution) we see that they do cater to
religion. Can school be further behind?

But like, I asked before: Does it really matter? Who the hell cares? If
someone wants to say their little prayer, send them out of the room, and
let them do it in the hallway, along with all the other prayers. That
way the halls can fill with spirituality and the children will feel
better.

And hey, maybe those bad-ass kids who go and "pray" just so they can get
out of class can see the beauty of "God".

Heh.

Oh yeah. The administrator got "a five day suspension without pay and
one year probation". The teacher got "a three day suspension without
pay."


----------------------------- 
.ili. Pledge in School? .ili.
----------------------------- by Morbus

Firstly, I must say that I used to have a big problem with following
directions at school and would never speak the pledge in school for some
forgotten reason. So  I was not subjected to the mindless teachings of
the pledge and then what soon became the mindless reciting of it also. I
think students say the pledge out of habit and not really listening to
what they are saying. I am saying that I can look at the invocation of
the pledge and speak about it unbiased.

I can guess that more than 50% of the people in any school (religious
removed) do not realize what they are saying in the mornings and that
they are just doing it out of habit and because... hey! everyone else is
doing it. I am also saying that when kids say the pledge they are
participating in a religious act.

No, really... hear me out.

Let's compare. We start in church on a nice Sunday morning and go up to
the Holy Buddha of Jerusalem or whatever and while holding a rosary pray
that we hope we'll be healthy and that will never fall under the ways of
evil or corruption or the people who aren't in our religion.

Now, let's start in school. We stand up at the beginning of the day,
place our hands over our hearts and then salute the flag, all the while
reciting a verse and looking at the flag as our heart beats beneath our
palm.

For those of you who don't get it, I am saying that what we do in the
morning is the same as praying in the church. The flag becomes our Holy
Buddha of Zimbabwe and the prayer becomes the chant to the flag. Our
hands over our heart become the rosary and the comparison becomes clear.

We've been praying mindlessly all these years to a piece of cloth. For
those of you who still argue though, what about the "one nation under
God" bit? Does that clinch the cake? Praying that we will pledge the
allegiance to the flag and to the United States and doing it under the
name of God.

And also, where did all this about being unpatriotic by not saying the
pledge come in? The flag is the symbol of America but so is baseball
(which we're slowly losing ANYWAY) and outdoor cooking but we don't
pledge to those. The koala might be a symbol of Australia, but hey, they
don't say prayers to "The Great Fuzzy"!.

Does it really matter about prayer in school anymore? We have it
already. It's called the Pledge of Allegiance.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The website edition includes images, a nice design, and all of the email
we have received about this issue. Go there and um, er, have fun:

   http://www.disobey.com/devilshat/

Copyright 1997-1999 Disobey. You may not steal, maim, hold for ransom,
kill, or rape any part of this issue.

   http://www.disobey.com/

   TO SUBSCRIBE:  morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Subscribe Devil Shat
  TO UNSUBSCRIBE: morbus@disobey.com  SUBJECT: Unsubscribe Devil Shat   
------------------------------------------------------------------------
