                      Share the love!
            Forward OtakuBoy Online to a friend. 
                 You'll be glad you did. :D

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

   Zine Scene - O t a k u B o y  O n l i n e - Zine Scene
        The best news from the best vid-gaming sites
                  http://www.otakuboy.com

    -- Feb. 16, 1999  Vol. 1 No. 59 Happy Mardi GRAS! --
     written by OtakuBoy - "Show your... umm.. games!"
        Now on superriffic, magical ICQ! # 21176515
           AND THE WEB!! http://www.otakuboy.com

         Resouces obtained through Gaming Central!
          http://www.startpath.com/gamingcentral/
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

   OtakuBoy loves you. OtakuBoy cares. That's why OtakuBoy 
unleashes his virtual scrubbing bubbles onto all the 
online console video game sites -- even on sites you've
never heard of before -- to scour out the best features,
reviews, previews, and news. Then OtakuBoy tells you where
to go get them.
   OtakuBoy loves you. Now, love OtakuBoy back.

=OtakuBoy Speaketh =========================================


-----------


        D r e a m c a s t  &  S a t u r n  (DC & SAT)

-- WOW! Dreamcast $200?! - News

   Sega-Otaku spied an Investor's Business Daily article
stating a super-cool U.S. price for Dreamcast. Do I need to
give you a hint? Check out the details! (I am super excited.
I might be able to afford this!)
 
--http://www.sega-otaku.com/news/0299/21599a.html



-- Finally, A D2 Movie! - Movie

   I found this cool news at SegaX. According to them, we
have seen anything of D2 for many months. But the cool
dudez, spied this super 12-meg video! Check it out!
 
-- http://www.tcp-ip.or.jp/~minaduki/game99/dc/99-02/movie13/d2.mpg



-- Marvel vs. Capcom - Preview

   Hmmm... fists-a-flyin', webs-a-slingin. Is this MARVEL
VS. CAPCOM really going to be ALL THAT?! Phat phat and all
that? Well, according to Dreamcast.net and their preview..
uh... yeah! They run down mostly the characters and some of
the structure of the game.
 
-- http://www.dreamcast.net/firstlooks/marvelvscapcom.html



-- Seaman - Preview

   Oh this is so WEIRD! You put on the upcoming headphone/
microphone Dreamcast thingy and talk to and help this half-
man/half-fish thing on-screen make friends? WHAT?!?!
 
http://www.sega-otaku.com/previews/software/seaman/seaman.html


===========OTAKUBOY SAY TO VISIT THIS DUDE, EH!=============
      Want to have a second opinion on anime/manga?

Don't know where to surf for good images and fan contri-
bution? Want to decorate your desktop with over 200 anime
wallpapers? Sick of listening to the same music all the
time?

          Browse over to Anime Genesis dot com at
                 http://anime-genesis.com
             Your online anime/manga companion.
============================================================


                 P l a y S t a t i o n (PSX)

-- The PlayStation 2 Revealed?! - News

   Well, well, well. The PlayStation 2 -- at least the
main, mother-truckin' processing beasty inside -- may have
been revealed at a conference today! It's a meeting every-
one been talkin' about for month where Sony would introduce
a new processor. IGNPSX has the specs of the new chip. Oh,
IGN's pretty much decided that this chip is for the PSX2,
but, they say, Sony has not confirmed this. Yeah, right!
IT'S THE PSX2! I KNOW IT! I JUST KNOW IT! YESYESYESYESYESYES
YESYESYESYES!
 
-- http://psx.ign.com/news/6932.html



-- WOW! FF8 Translation - Feature

   WHATEVER YOU DO, DEAR GOD! GO READ THIS!!! Ok, the guy
says he's a Japanese student and he makes no promises that
things are 100% accurate, but he's tries! He tries to make
a full-on translation of the Japanese version of FF8!!!!!
Go read!
 
-- http://oro.simplenet.com/ff8/



-- Jail Breaker - Preview

   Would you like to play the role of Clint Eastwood and
escape from Alcatraz? Yeah, me, too. I could say all those
cool things that only Clint could say. Of course, comin'
from me it would sound silly and someone might spit in my
face, but I digress. Anyway, TokyoPop takes a look at JAIL
BREAKER, a new Japanese game from NEC Interchannel, where
you play the prisoner and you gotta escape!
 
-- http://www.tokyopop.com/tokyopop/content/vidgames/previews/1298/jailb/index.asp 

 

-- Silent Hill - Preview

   This is the so-called "Resident Evil Killer." Cool Guy
of PlayStationFan updates a demo review he did a few weeks
ago. Why? Cause he's been playing the FULL ON FINAL VERSION!
Anyway, this link is more a demo review as he hasn't
finished the game as yet. But he says it's a might scary!
As scary as Resident Evil?
 
-- http://www.playstationfan.com/news330.htm



-- Syphon Filter - Review

   9.0, eh? Part Metal Gear Solid, part Tomb Raider, eh?
Wow. Well, it sounds pretty cool. This is a pretty long re-
view; it spans three pages. Anything special. No. It's a
good, balanced review. In fact, it's a bit SPOILER-ish. So,
watch out. I have nothing more to say. SYPHON FILTER. Catch
the sky. Fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-fa-far better.
 
-- http://www.videogames.com/psx/adventure/syphon/review.html



                 N i n t e n d o  6 4  (N64)

-- Harvest Moon 64 - Preview

   Now this looks more my RPG-style. I go out to a farm,
right? And i raise, like, corn and stuff. Yeah, man. Yeah!
Wotta game. No, this RPG here, HARVEST MOON 64 , sounds
really interesting, cool, and Japanese. (HEY HEY HEY!
Whaddaya mean by that OTAKUBOY?!) Well, I mean that it's
kind of a lifestyle-RPG. Less about slaying monsters and
more about roleplaying a life. That's all. (That's what I
thought you meant. If you step outta line I'll murdalize
ya!)
 
-- http://ign64.ign.com/previews/1910.html


 

-- Ogre Battle 3 - Preview

   JeeZ! Is this a PREVIEW? No way! It's so detailed.
Console Domain goes through, what seems like, every single
nook and cranny of OGRE BATTLE 3, and the game ain't even
out yet! What fun! 
 
-- http://www.consoledomain.com/n64/previews/Ogre_Battle_3.html


 

-- Hybrid Heaven - Preview

   YOW! Konami hits the N64 with another game. Jeez! They
just released Castlevania 64 and they ain't resting! No no
no! It's HYBRID HEAVEN, a kind of RPG with a turn-based bat-
tle system. Seems cool. Nintendo Underground has a preview.
Short, but sweet. It even contains the obligatory argument
for buying EVERY N64 RPG game you can find. (Cause there
are so few of 'em.)
 
-- http://www.nintendorks.com/previews/carl/hybrid_heaven/



                G a m e B o y  C o l o r (GBC)

- Rampage World Tour - Review

   Oh, indeed. Ape get mad. Ape climb building. Ape destroy
building. Ape fall off building. Hmmm... haven't we been
here before? Well, not so much on GameBoy COLOR! Which is
what Gaming-Age is talkin' about in their review of RAMPAGE
WORLD TOUR.
 
-- http://www.gaming-age.com/ga2/reviews/gameboy/rampagewt.shtml



             M u l t i - F o r m a t  &  M i s c

-- More credibility to the SNK vs. Capcom story? - News

   Remember last week we heard that maybe perhaps there
could be an SNK vs. Capcom game? Well, FGNONline asked
Capcom and SNK and they both denied it. But Dimension-S
says, referencing a GameFan report (see how incestuous this
all is), that SNK DID approach Capcom with the idea of
making such a game for the Neo Geo Pocket and that an arcade
version would be a good first step. Whew. Read the details
on Dimension-S.
 
-- http://www.dimension-s.com/sega-news/article.cfm?news_id=1367

 


-- SNK announces King of Fighters R-2 - News

   YOOOOW! KING O' FIGHTERS R-2 is comin' out for Neo Geo
Pocket. And boy, oh boy, KOF fans are a might a-titter. I
can feel 'em shaking. They better see a doctor about that.
 
-- http://www.segadreamcast.net/news/news_990215_kofdc.htm




-- More SNK stuff - News

   Gaming-Age runs a really cool wrap up of all the Neo Geo
Pocket news to date. Most of it is the stuff I've reported
above, but there are a few tidbits here not available else-
where... like the SONIC game for NGP? WOW! How about a
COLUMNS game? Ok, that's pretty boring. More at Gaming-Age.
 
-- http://www.gaming-age.com/news2/february99/021599d.htm




-- Heh. Bubble Bobble - NES Review

   I played this game on my Amiga 500. I never owned it for
the NES. But the reviewer at the TheGIA did. And that's what
they review for you. Pretty fun retrospective actually.
 
-- http://www.gaming-intelligence.com/nes/bubble/bubble.html



 AND REMEMBER, folksies. There's MORE on www.otakuboy.com!!

Cheers,

OtakuBOY


-----------------------------------------------------------
And, hey, when you wanna go out and surf on your own, stop
on by Gaming Central. They're linked to every gaming site
in the world! They kick TOCK! (As in But-TOCK!)

-- http://www.startpath.com/gamingcentral/
------------------------------------------------------------

   Thus ends another ish of OtakuBoy Online. The place for
   the squeeky clean zine scene... and those zines better
   get to writin' better features.

   Zine Scene - O t a k u B o y  O n l i n e - Zine Scene
    -- Feb. 16, 1999  Vol. 1 No. 59 Happy Mardi GRAS! --
     written by OtakuBoy - "Show your... umm.. games!"
                  http://www.otakuboy.com
        Now on superriffic, magical ICQ! # 21176515
           AND THE WEB!! http://www.otakuboy.com

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

  Hey, do you like OtakuBoy? Please forward it to a friend
       and tell 'em to send a "hey, subscribe me" to
                   Otakuboy@bigfoot.com